Easily the best MCU film, great storytelling and awesome action scenes.
one of the best superhero movie ever made.my personal favourite superhero movie.everything is super like direction,screenplay,fights,acting,visuals.everybody got time to shine.biggest cliffhanger in the history of cinema
story s tier villain s tier action s tier jokes b tier with great heros makes it one of the best marvel movies
dont know how this movie has 85% rotten tomatoes... deserves 95%
Peak cinema. Somehow took a massive group of super hero's who the film is named after and made the villain the main character and it worked really well
Avengers: Infinity War
Avengers: Infinity war is one of the most crucial films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe or MCU. In this film, heroes and helpers from across the Marvel Cinematic Universe come together to defeat one of the largest threats the universe had seen. The film, released in 2018, was directed by the Russo Brothers (Anthony Russo and Joe Russo). The film contains action, drama and adventure and makes a perfect combination of everything. This review will cover the plot, characters and impact of the events. 
The story mostly centers on Thanos, a villain who is determined to wipe out half of all life in the universe. Although everyone thinks he is a villain, he himself thinks otherwise. His idea is that wiping half of all life in the universe is like saving it. In order to complete his plan, he needs to collect six infinity stones. Once all the stones are collected, he just needs to snap to wipe out half of the universe. 
This film brings together all the characters shown in the previous Marvel films all assisting each other to defeat Thanos and his army. Popular characters like Iron Man, Captain America, Thor and Spider-Man are brought in this film as well. The variety of characters in this film shows the chemistry, support and personality each character has. We also get to watch as they overcome their differences to work together. 
The action scenes in Avengers: Infinity War are sometimes overwhelming but mostly easy to follow. There are a variety of settings shown in the film. The different locations in the film help make the story fresh and interesting. Even with all the intense and stressful fight scenes, there are still sweet and emotional moments between characters shown in the film. The CGI in the film is no joke, one of the best I had ever seen. At no moment in the theatres was I taken out of the immersion.
The direction was phenomenal work. They managed to cram the story of each character and the story of the film together without making it feel rushed or crowded at all. The storyline is balanced with emotional, comedic and thrilling scenes. Some characters who weren’t previously prevalent got their shine in this movie.
The music and soundtrack in this film was phenomenal. The music enhanced the experience so much, I felt goosebumps every time the soundtrack came on. It fits well with the build up into the final battle. Overall, the music makes scenes feel more powerful, more impactful and important.
In summary, Avengers: Infinity War is a film full of emotions. This is perfect for everyone looking for an action-packed film with great direction. This makes it one of the best movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Avengers: Infinity War is a film worth watching and maybe for a rewatch as well.
Just as good as it should be
The greatest live action superhero movie and the 2nd greatest superhero movie overall
Greatest superhero crossover or whatever movie of all time, for all those characters is well written
Really good movie with a great cliffhanger and ending.  Could have been 4 and 1/2 if it wasn't for Thanos silly looking CGI facial features.  He just looks dumb.
Avengers: Infinity War is a thrilling adventure that contains a massive amount of heroes all pitted against the MCU's *strongest* villain yet. While it isn't perfect, the cinematic, theme, plot, and character development present in this film are extraordinary. Definitely a must-see.
A super hero movie where the bad guys win
U must see this movie, fantastic !
In my opinion, it's the best Marvel movie.
It's a movie that really makes you afraid that things won't turn out well.
Thanos is one of the best villains that have ever appeared in the movies.
Good movie but they dumbed the hulk down and made him weak. Terrible what they did to this character
Avengers: Infinity War is a once in a lifetime movie that is almost impossible to come near too. It has everything you want in a Avengers movie and even just a action movie. The stakes are the highest they could possibly be, the action is some of the best EVER and most of all the writing and VFX is pristine. This is the greatest Marvel movie of all time. Recommend: Next Up: Avengers: Endgame
Absolute must see! Great story
"There was an Idea, to bring together a group of remarkable people, to see if they could become something more, so if they needed us we could fight the battles, that they never could". The Build up for this movie was unreal, and the Teaser trailer this for was absolute 🔥🔥It made you so hype of whats to come. Its called Infinity war for a reason. Walking out of this theater made you feel like "WTF JUST HAPPENED" Also this movie prooves that Thanos is not messing around and this movie is filled with a lot of emotions and the soundtrack in this is also 🔥🔥This movie had you guessing who was going to die and who will live. Josh Brolin as Thanos did a fantastic job, his voice acting his PEAK!! Also last but not least Thor's entrance was absolute PEAK!!!!!!
I told you Youd die for that
The Russo brothers created a master piece. Almost all characters were used to there full potential despite the huge amounts. The threat of Thanos really showed the complexity of the characters and how they delt with the threat. The world building and sets were increadible and the soundtrack was used to the create an absolutely amazing film.
Good Casting, Fantastic Movie, Great characters

All these years of teasing thanks comes true! Love the story but a sad ending to when half of the universe died but overall a Fantastic film! Definitely Recommend
Most energetic movie of marvel 🫨
One of, if not the best superhero movie of all time.
Esta película tiene demasiada acción eso me gusta aunque no me gustó que perdieran los Avengers
This movie is probably the best villain oriented I have ever seen, atleast in superhero genre- Thanos is probably the best villain we'll ever have in the mcu... I'd even go as far as to say that he's better written than his comic counterpart - the action in this movie _____ man that is something - This movie probably has my favourite ending of all time- This movie gives us the most well balanced thor, both physically and emotionally (I'm looking at you love and blunder)- Steve Rogers in a beard oh mann!!... though I have some problems with this movie: first this movie gave us mark 50 (which I hate) secondly whenever two characters talk to each other it drags the movie for me, especially in that Thanos and Gamora chit chat scene... it's necessary but it's pacing is off...other than that I'd say it was almost perfect! I'd still rank it lower than endgame (because of my personal bias)- but it's still very good.
Only movie I've ever seen in theaters where when the movie was over there was dead silence. Peak Marvel Cinema
One of the best of The Avengers, for sure.
Everything in marvel has led up to this, and it pays off really well. The pacing is very fast and there is a lot to keep up with, but if you can, this is an exhilarating experience. Heartbreaking and heroic are the best ways to describe this film.
Not to shabby, the only thing that would make it the best is if Hawkeye was in it....
Avengers: Infinity War is everything you imagine it is. There are many amazing character moments and surprising twists.

All the characters are established, but some of them managed to have satisfying character arcs throughout. I thought I knew where it was going, but it turns out I didn't. The previous movies had the theme of community, but instead of arguing, the character are separated here. I loved to see different teams interact with each other for the first time. I'm rarely as excited as I was while watching this movie, but I knew some things beforehand that kept me from being even more excited. I knew Thanos, Thor, Spider-Man and a few other characters weren't going to die. I was only concerned about Iron Man, I forgot he is on the poster of Endgame. The dialogues are well-written and the story is epic.

The directing is amazing, the Russo brothers know how to handle such a huge movie. The cinematography is good, it's probably one of the weaker aspects of the film, it's inconsistent. The sound design is amazing, the use of silence is asbolutely incredible. The visual effects are gorgeous. There is not much practicality, but the movie looks flawless. It is also very long, but it didn't feel like that, great editing. The cast is extremely huge and the acting performances are really good considering it's a superhero movie.

Avengers: Infinity War is not perfect, but it's perfectly enjoyable.
Isso que é uma adaptação de heróis, boa história, ótimos personagens, um ótimo vilão, um senso de urgência, uma cenas de ação muito bem feitas, incrivel.
The Best Marvel movie un alonge time
I wished every Marvel movie was this good!!!! I feel like when the directors make movies more intense, the better the film is. However, it also depends if the plot is good. This movie had a great plot!
Entertainment: 4.5/5
Marketing: 5/5
Writing: 4.5/5

For general audiences: 93%
For pop culture audiences: 94%
For writing-based audience: 92%

Yet another great example on how to write a story while still following the rules of the world and not betraying your characters. The Dr. Strange 1 in 14 million chances of winning is a bit much and is diminished once Endgame shows how the story continues. Also the MCU's "lets put humor in every crevice possible" approach almost hinders the movie. However, the positives outmatches the negatives by a wide margin.
Possibly the greatest Avengers movie that has and will ever exist. This movie balances several storylines while battling the biggest storyline they had yet to surmount over ten years of movies: Thanos. With countless characters, cameos from all sorts of places in the history of Marvel, and countless storylines intertwining, ending, and persevering until the Endgame, it has something for every Marvel fan out there to enjoy. Thanos offers up a reasonably threatening presence toward the Avengers and even takes a few out along the way in his path of devastation.
My favourite Mcu movie of all time
To cover over 20 characters and to do it so flawlessly is some fete. The Russo brothers are some reckoning. Costume design to sets it's all perfect.
First Marvel Movie where the Hero’s lose this movie was fantastic
Greatest movie of all time.
The first of the two part culmination of the MCU universe, still can’t believe they pulled it off.
Better than the last two movies. A perfect representation of a good comic book movie. And the changes the made from the comics still made the movie good.
I love this movie.the character are so goods
One of Marvel's greatest film. It does an amazing job at mixing all these heroes against a great villain. Super funny. It deserves a 94%
Peak.
Hulk sad. Very saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!
Epic, poignant, surprisingly, yet satisfying as such an impressive payoff of an entire decade of movies building up to such a climactic final foe that leaves you on the greatest cliffhanger since The Empire Strikes Back!
Not only one of my favorite films in this franchise but, one of my favorite superhero movies ever! I couldn't wait to revisit it! The rushed nature of the narrative aside, the performances, action, and effects are all top tier! Truly a movie that you go to the theater for! Check out my full review at 3ThirtyMovies on Youtube!


https://youtu.be/50MCzyHW5dg
Well It was the last of it all
The fact that in this movie the heroes lose and lose big makes the film great. Thor and Tony were by far the best of the film.
Perhaps the best comic book movie of all time
This definitely the best film in the franchise.. it does not disappoint.
It was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. The performance of Thor, Iron Man and other characters was great. Everything in the movie was almost perfect in terms of emotion, quality and acting. It is a wonderful and magnificent movie that should be watched at any time because the visual effects, character development and performances in the movie were almost flawless, especially Thor was beyond amazing
Interesting movie which combines a sense of stupidness with anger for Thanos. All of the main characters try to stop him and go to all out war against him but he is too powerful. It ends on a point where the new movie can start easily.
The tone of the movie is set up immediately! Avengers: Infinity War transcends the superhero genre to become a cultural phenomenon, seamlessly balancing breathtaking spectacle with meaningful substance. It stands as a testament to Marvel’s bold ambition, delivering a deeply engaging and emotionally resonant narrative despite its sprawling ensemble cast. While the sheer number of characters might feel overwhelming to some, the film ultimately crafts an unforgettable cinematic experience that resonates with audiences. Impressively, the film achieves this without sacrificing the character development established in the individual movies, allowing each hero’s arc to shine while contributing to the larger story.
“An entire universe. Once and for all.”

I can’t believe Thanos won. There are sad deaths. I can’t wait for the next one. 5/5 stars.
A wonderful movie, without a doubt the best Marvel film. One of the goals of the movie was to introduce a villain that would leave a mark on the MCU, and they succeeded in doing that brilliantly. Thanos had a clear objective: to bring balance to the universe. Even though his plan was dark, it’s understandable, and he’s not a generic villain. The film clearly shows what Thanos wants, how he plans to achieve it, and what these things are that he desires. The movie also does an excellent job of managing a large number of characters, dividing them into groups, and each group works very well with jokes and a bit of drama in between. Another high point of the film is the battles, including those in New York, Scotland, Titan, and Wakanda. All of these battles work very well, with great choreography and special effects that match the film. The soundtrack is epic and memorable, fitting for a superhero movie. And the highlight of this film is the ending, breaking away from the traditional hero always defeating the villain, even if in the most unrealistic way possible. Here, the villain wins, leaving all the viewers shocked. In summary, it’s a standalone movie, with a comprehensible story, villain, and characters.
That movie is so best
Fast paced. Epic. You must watch previous films in the franchise before watching this one.
It was the most beautiful movie I have ever seen in my life, it was a great movie in every aspect, and what made the movie the most amazing was Thor, even Thor's battle scene in Wakanda was the best movie scene I have ever watched. The ending was impressive, the fight between Iron Man and Thanos was great, especially the fight between Thor and Thanos. it was very good.
Direção: Bom
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Ok
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Bom
Solid 7/10 movie. Such an experience to watch this movie for the first time. Best avengers movie fs!
Um filme ótimo! Ótima direção, ótima filmagem, atuação, além de um CGI muito bom!
A great overall film from all aspects. One of the very best of marvels impressive previous productions. A cliffhanger which ultimately set up endgame for its marvelling success.
THE BEST AVENGERS and MCU movie of all time!
I thought this would be a bad movie, but my expectations were destroyed once I saw it. One of the best Marvel movies I will probably ever see .
Ótimo filme, um dos melhores da Marvel.
S tier superhero movie! one of the best crossover films ever made
The best marvel movie ever
Making good on Nick Fury’s promise from 10 years ago, Infinity War is fun, thrilling, and emotional.
One of the last films for a while that was just fun and entertaining to watch. This was Marvel studios at their peak. I remember people on the edge of their seats in the theater when this came out. I also love the bold move they did with the finish. It was their Empire strikes back of the franchise.
One of the greatest super hero films ever. Period
“Avengers: Infinity War” Includes stunning special effects and a marvelous cast while also connecting every Marvel movie perfectly without cutting corners.
It would be a better ending if Thanos ashed too.
There is nothing to complain about in this superhero movie. Starting with the years of story building over dozens of movies, each telling their own story (sometimes less, sometimes more successful), you could only look forward to this movie. 

The animation and effects were great and perfectly accompanied by the music. It was a clash of many childhood heroes that brought back memories and were portrayed so well. 

The length of the movie didn't affect the quality as you were offered something every second and minute by minute you were looking forward to the final showdown and the extent to which it would take place. 

Unlike 95% of the usual superhero films, this one also refreshingly didn't have the usual ending (even though you knew there would be a next part), which for me is the icing on the cake.

Great movie, great cast, great elements, images, dialog - one of the best movies of all time.
this has to be my favourite marvel movie
96/100 My Favorite MCU Movie Of All Time.
The best Marvel movie of all time
Best cliffhanger, I have ever seen. Never thought Thanos would win.
Avengers: Infinity War is definitely a cinematic masterpiece! It's an epic adventure that brings together almost every major character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe for a thrilling battle against Thanos.
The film is packed with action, humor, and emotional moments. It's a rollercoaster ride that keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end. The stunning visuals and incredible special effects are also a major highlight.
A saga done right....
The MCU has been slowly building and pointing towards this movie, so it's easy to say that there was a fear that it may not live up to the hype. But that fear was put to rest when everyone went to experience 'Avengers: Infinity War.' Thanos takes center-stage (for the most part) and his character, visual look, and motives are done perfectly. He quickly became this generations Darth Vader in the sense that he was the villain everyone was talking about. Josh Brolin gave a strong performance as the character. Aside from Thanos, the movie has to juggle a lot of characters and a lot of different storylines, and while it is overwhelming at times, they manage to juggle it very well. Although some characters get more time than others, everyone pulls their weight and it all culminates together for a superhero thrill ride that shocked the whole world.
No words, only hype. Watch the film.
One of the most peak mcu movies
Un vero capolavoro, nonostante alcune persone si sono lamentate per il fatto che la trama passava da un personaggio all’altro e quindi?.
Ha un atmosfera meravigliosa, un tono più che equilibrato e uno scontro finale leggendario. Eroi che si alleano per sconfiggere una minaccia più grande, un ottima lavorazione per un film che sa rendersi partecipe a questo conflitto con CGI. 10/10
Peak movie , can't wait for Russo bros to come back !
Avengers best movie is this cast
It's an amazing film, definitely the best Avengers film in terms of storytelling and action sequences, the climax was very shocking, it was a good setup to Endgame.
Nog altijd de beste Marvel film!
Realy realy good movie only thing I dislike is the characters have no arc for themselves maybe too many chars in that movie
This. Is. Amazing. Everything in this film, from the acting and story, down to the VFX and CGI, this movie is absolutely perfect in its own right. The build from this movie to Avengers: Endgame is also incredible too; this movie just spells out the word "good".
I am HYPED for the Russo Brothers' return! This movie isn't just a beautiful entry of the MCU, it goes to show the amazing cinematic achievement that the MCU has made. There's no doubt that there is a lot of plot lines. Usually, a movie that has this many plot lines would be messy. They just had amazing build up to it, that I was already connected to the characters. So, each plot line was great! It's when they start merging them into one. It goes from all of these plot lines and sub plots, to just two. One with the Guardians, Iron Man, Strange, and Spider-Man. And everyone at Wakanda. 

Thanos is definitely one of my all-time favorite villains. He just had such a presence on screen. Josh Brolin was amazing in the role. From the opening of the film to the end. This was a movie with huge stakes, and they were able to pay it off. It isn't exactly a good thing. That just goes to show how great of a standalone story this can be.
Awesome movie... Great story...
Oh, Snap! It's pretty much everything i wanted.
Good first part to the ending of the infinity saga with a good emotional cliffhanger
The best superhero film to date. An amazing twist and take on superhero movies a must watch for pop culture enjoyers.
Thanos is the absolute best villain in the MCU and the cast is stellar
In my opinion it is among the best of Marvel Studios, and here is my opinion

Good things:
Subplots: The good adaptation of several characters and that it does not feel like a film with several meaningless subplots, each one has its due time on screen.
The villain: He feels like someone is powerful and threatening, the narrative arc he manages and his motive, which is his own philosophy.
The ending: Normally we would expect that the heroes will win, but no, and it is not until "Avenger: End Game" that we see this, in a different way.
Effects (In General): We couldn't expect anything less considering the effects, considering that the film cost more than 300 million dollars, they are excellent, and if they wanted to make a more ambitious film than this one, it would be very difficult.
Performances: They are excellent, nothing more to say
Duration: The film lasts almost two hours on average, and gives a lot of time to develop the plots.

Bad things:
Duration: The fact that the film lasts more than two hours works against it, since although it is enough time for the plots, it is a very long duration although this depends on who.
Dependency: This movie requires you to watch several movies from the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) to understand it, and that means that if you are missing a relevant movie, it is somewhat complicated to understand. That means that if you are missing a relevant movie, it is somewhat complicated. understand him.
The biggest idiocy?: The fact that StarLord ruins the plan to take the Gauntlet from Thanos can be a great idiocy, but if we look at it from another side, something very emotional, since he is a character who had to kill his father, They killed whoever they wanted (Gamora) and was overshadowed by Thor when they rescued him.
Script: It's not the whole script, but some conveniences, such as Vision being harmed, Thanos knocking down Hulk just at the beginning of the film, Wanda (The Scarlet Witch) not having a fight at the level of her powers, or how that Thor will not kill him, but it is something that is also up to each person...

For these points, I give it 4/5 stars, since it will not be the best of cinema, but it is a cinematographic event that has been in the works since it began with Iron-Man in 2008 and concludes Avengers: End Game
Amazing movie, arguably the best the MCU has to offer.  I remember reading the original Infinity Gauntlet series in my youth when it came out, and absolutely loving it.  There are many things I wish they would have stayed true to from the comics in this movie, but the spirit of it is still there, the acting, the script, and the dialogue spans the gamut of good to great.  Highly recommend.
best mcu movie of them all
"Avengers: Infinity War" is a spectacular cinematic experience that juggles a massive ensemble with surprising finesse. The Russo brothers masterfully blend heart-pounding action with emotional depth, giving each character their moment to shine. Thanos, portrayed with chilling gravitas by Josh Brolin, elevates the film as one of Marvel's most compelling villains. The visual effects are top-notch, and the action sequences are nothing short of breathtaking.

Despite the crowded cast, the narrative flows smoothly, balancing humor and heartbreak. The film’s bold ending leaves audiences stunned, eagerly awaiting the sequel. Minor pacing issues and a few underused characters prevent it from perfection, but "Infinity War" remains an ambitious, thrilling spectacle that delivers on its promises. It's a must-see for any Marvel fan and a testament to the power of cohesive storytelling in a sprawling cinematic universe.
Avengers: Infinity War (in my opinion) is the best movie in all the MCU.
It connects points as far away as Doctor Strange, The Guardians of the Galaxy, Thor... And surprisingly it works!
And the final Snap gives the film a sad touch, because the main characters realize that they have not accomplished their mission.
The mammoth of Avengers movies. We see finally Marvel characters interacting with other charat we haven't seen on the big screen yet. The humor and action is great. Omg the dusting , the soul stone scene F!!!!!!! gut wrenching. I remember being in a packed sold out Thurs night IMAX watching this with 400-500 other comicbook nerds and we were clapping and screaming like being at a Ghost concert. It was the best movie experience ever. 10/10 EPIC FANTASTIC. My second favorite Avengers movie.
This movie is amazing, but the knowledge and watch time required to really enjoy it is immense, which holds it back in my eyes.
I still watch this movie time and time again! So good!
Back before Marvel lost its way, it used to make movies like this.
"You should've gone for the head".
9.5 out of 10, near perfect movie!  Fast paced, story flows, and brings all threads together well.  Hope it sticks the ending...
Why its only 85% certified fresh, I'll never know. Absolutely beautiful film.
For a super hero movie. Wow. Great pacing, incredible action. Perfectly executed.
Amazing!! Its a shame we will never get a movie from Marvel this good again.
Pretty darn good.  Recommend it.
Not enough starts here.
Another brilliant outing by the Russo Bros. in the MCU!  The top of the bar as it relates to Marvel movies.
The Disney marvel movie
A visually mesmerizing masterpiece.  Fresh and shocking.
This one is truly the culmination of Marvel greatest characters, storylines and spectacle pieces. Endgame is for closure, this one is where Marvel cemented it's legacy.
Hi everyone, today I’m going to speak about this exceptional movie who is directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo.
There is a lot of stars like Robert Downey Jr, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Evans... and there is also many principals characters but one is on the top : Thanos.
The films tells a story about a titan, Thanos. He want’s to recup the 6 infinity stones and kill hall the univers but the "avengers" will do everythings possible to stop him. The plot seems to be gripping. Special effects are outstanding and the photography is incredible. Also, the acting is powerful and spectacular. The writing is stunning. In general, I love the movie and I recommend it for everyone. Don't miss this masterclass.
This is the best Marvel film in my opinion, and nothing will ever change that opinion. Though our villain ultimately wins in this film but there are so many moments where you believe in the heroes, and you think they have a chance to win with ultimately well thought out plans and character decisions that make sense for their specific personalities, you feel engaged the entire time. The one criticism that I have of the film is how it nerfed Vision immediately and I understand why the filmmakers decided to do that because of his power and didn't want him to be the character that would just solve everything, same with Thor, Scarlet Witch, and Doctor Strange. This film is why I truly love Thanos as an all-time movie villain, you feel just how powerful he truly is and how powerless people are to him from the very first scene in the film. A visually pretty movie, great action, with wonderfully scaled fights for the powers, the score is a masterpiece, the directing and storytelling is all woven together perfectly.
One of the greatest movies I've ever seen
Avengers infinity isn't just a crossover of other MCU franchises, but it was also something fans wanted as well as myself!
It is rare to watch a film that has no notable flaws, exceeds expectations, and has no conceivable ways of improvement (that I can think of); somehow, Avengers: Infinity War meets these standards. The Russo Brothers are back with another fantastic superhero film, but this time it is on their shoulders to bring in what the MCU had been building toward for over 6 years; and boy, do they deliver. Not only is the film good in its own right, but as a tribute to what the MCU had become up to that point, Infinity War carries its legacy in a spectacular fashion. While Endgame will probably be seen as the more impactful by future generations, Infinity War, to me, will be the movie that began the end of one of the greatest movie runs of cinematic history.
This ambitious crossover includes every major MCU character to date and brings it in a fun, natural, action packed, and ultimately emotional film. This is arguably the peak of comic book films and for good reason. The Russo brothers provide their "epic-ness" while also breaking barriers that have held these films back. This cataclysmic event takes place on multiple planets with multiple people, some of them even meeting for the first time, yet it never doesn't feel natural and organic. Consequences are taken into consideration to form a roller coaster os emotions. Gasps, laughs, cries and screams. There's nothing that could be said that hasn't already, it truly is one for the ages!
The movie is great. Really interesting and good. The second best Marvel movie but with a sad ending unfortunately.
Yes! Finally MARVEL had the guts to kill off a few characters. I'm happy the Antagonists could finally measure up to the heroes OP abilities such as Thor and Dr. Strange. probably the best film MARVEL has made.
So many characters that are used so well that you don't realise who has how much screentime, nor you wish for any certain character part to end ASAP because you equally care for all of them.
Avengers: Infinity War is a cinematic masterpiece. The action is explosive, the plot twists and turns, and the storyline is awe-inspiring.
One of the best movies ever created. A must watch movie while on 4 grams of mushrooms! 🙌🏼🙌🏼
This about 7 stars best marvel movie
Now that Marvel has established a base for how the world works in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and we have become accustomed to characters that we love and will continue to love it is time to combine them. Everything we have learned to this day from Marvel films comes together in this installment of Avengers. The visuals in this movie combined with the characters and the actors who have now become them make for a beautiful cinematic masterpiece that leaves you in the theatre with your jaw on the floor.
IS AWESOME THIS MOVIE, SEE IT
Such an emotional movie and so impactful i was in the theaters when this movie played and omg the reactions in the theater is what gave me the goosebumps. We all saw history had been made through this film. One of the best marvel movies out there.
Best Marvel movie In a series of Marvel movies.  The ending had the whole theater in silence…
Make sure you've watched your Marvel homework before this one so you can cry properly
Just when you thought things were going downhill for Marvel after the last few movies along comes this absolutely amazing blast of a superhero movie.
Of all Avenger movies this didn't quit stand up for me. I've watched all Avengers movies but this one was just the worst. My Focus just goes away. I want to understand this movie. But it's just so bad
I just love the 'meet-up' between the avengers and the guardians in a way that makes it wild but weird I guess
Don't know where to begin. This introduced and brought together so many characters, had iconic moments, an extremely well thought out and entertaining plot, and an incredible ending.
Infinity war is an action fueled adventure that is unforgettable! The cast is all amazing! Josh Brolin, and Robert Downey Jr stand out and give outstanding performances. Thanos is the best part of the film in my eyes. He's a villain that you can see why, you don't agree with him, but you see why he's doing what he's doing. He's a complex character and is captivating every time he's on screen. From start to finish the action doesn't stop, which makes for a roller coaster ride that all superhero fans will enjoy.
This is my favorite Comic Book film of all time!
Ótimo filme! Recomendo demais assistir esse filme e sua sequência, principalmente a saga toda até chegar neste ponto.
Filme maravilhoso, esse filme marca o início do fim de uma era, e foi excepcional em entregar isso.
This movie is an absolute must-see! Incredible storytelling and an incredibly intimidating villain.
Incredible! Directors work magic to balance so many characters, locations, and events. Captures all the amazement of the first Avengers film and upgrades it. Only downside is Hulk fans may be left starving.
The beginning of the end.  An excellent Part 1 to start wrapping up what started in Iron Man.  Great characters, great storyline, plenty of action.  One of the best superhero films ever made.
Icónica, gran preámbulo para el cierre de la saga del infinito.
In my opinion, this is the high water mark for the MCU. A terrific blend of action, comedy, drama and Fantasy/Sci Fi that flips the script and follows the antagonist as he pursues his end goal. A must watch, and not just for fans of the superhero genre.
much potential unused
In my opinion, the best film in the MCU.
The scene of Thor arriving in Wakand was EPIC
Several breaks made my day
These types of movies ruined the film industry. Pure trash.
Best Superhero movie ever made it has heart , emotion, suspense, action and thrill!
Its everything any Superhero movie should have!
+ CGI is good!
One of my favorite marvel movies from 2018.
Half the universe deserved to be snapped if they haven't watched Jönssonligan
Blows my mind how the critic rating for this movie is so low
Last great marvel movie!
One of if not the best MCU/Avengers movie.
Purple thing snaps = 87-92%
Easily the best mcu movie ever. If you want to see a good film with lots of action and to really test the heroes in a great battle then this is the film for you. "Thanos is coming"!.
As good as the rest of it is, both the start and the ending of this episode put me off a bit. At the start of the movie, we witness only that Thor and Loki c.s. have been dealt a devastating blow by a re-emerged Thanos. But how, we don't know. It is like starting in the middle of a story, knowing the beginning but not knowing what happened just before the moment you came onboard. Of course this is not uncommon in movieland and either flashbacks or a backstory usually fill in the gaps for the viewer. Yet in the Avengers series, it felt out of place to me. Or have I missed an episode that was not labelled Avengers: (something) but differently ? Maybe then I will catch up, but the creators could have been more forthcoming in clearly identifying the order of things.

The ending left me feeling unfulfilled. Many characters vanished and we didn't know if we would see them again and when, only that we would have to wait for the next episode - which could be a few years -  for the answer. In the meantime we saw all kind of happenings in different parts of the Galaxy between different teams of Avengers and Thanos' minions, and an epic battle on Wakanda territory, allowing the directors to use a host of bad and good characters. 

In short, this episode had all the markings of a in-between - which it is, but to me that is seldom a very fulfilling watch. Yet I am sure that all fans invested in this or that caharacter have loved it. And it is enjoyable enough as such - if you can get over the incompleteness of the storyline.
Extremely well thought out, and well made, avengers infinity war is one of the most popular superhero movies of all time for a reason.
In the penultimate story of the Infinity Saga, final plans are put in motion and the actors have committed to their roles and the consequences of their machinations will soon be revealed. All of these actions will have a lasting impact on the heroes!
One of the better MCU films. Worth watching once or twice.
Best of the best when it comes to comics movies: its density and ruthlessness is unmatched, though we shouldn't forget that there's a decade long world-building behind this impact.
Arguably the best MCU movie, and while I'd disagree personally, I totally see and understand why someone would put it there. It's truly incredible and was a sight to behold at the theater. The ending will forever be an iconic moment in pop culture for decades to come. This is the movie that truly cemented the MCU into Star Wars status where people, decades from now, will still references this movie in the same way people still say "I Am Your Father"
super crossover episode and at the time I couldn't wait to see how it ended
THIS MOVIE JUST HAS SOOO MUCH MOVIE IN IT! NAME ANOTHER MOVIE THAT HAS THIS MUCH gODDAMN FUCKING MOVIE GOING THROUGHOUT IT'S ENTIRE RUNTIME! IT'S BASICALLY NONSTOP FROM THE VERY BEGINNING ALL THE WAY THROUGH UNTIL THIS MOVIE'S ABSOLUTELY DEVASTATING ENDING THAT ONLY SHOCKED AUDIENCE MEMBERS OF THEY'VE EITHER NEVER READ THE COMIC IT'S BASED ON OR THEY'VE NEVER READ THE COMIC JUST THEY'VE JUST BEEN TOLD ABOUT HOW THAT PARTICULAR STORY CAME TO AN END!
the entertainment value goes crazy
As far as conclusions go, Infinity War has the very best I've ever seen.
Nive movie. Love the story.
Com certeza o melhor filme que já assistir
Hands down, one of the greatest super hero movies of all time.
This movie was absolutely amazing I love everything about it. The weight and emotions I felt heavy when walking out of the theater like I was hit by a truck. I ended up seeing it three more times in theaters.
Best film ever made in the history of Marvel, wonderful script, great performances, no jokes, no holes. Just wonderful.
There aren't many movies I'd be willing to watch 45 hours worth of movies in order to understand, but for this, it was absolutely worth it.
Gen Z's Empire Strikes Back. A global cultural event of 2018 that lived up to the hype.
This is cinema. Amazing.
One of the best movies of all time.
I love it, nothing more
WOW WOW WOW WOW!!! I can't believe that ending still after 3 rewatches, the Russo Brothers did great. Every actor did amazing, especially Chris Hemsworth, RDJ, and Paul Bettany. Spider-Man, awesome. Thanos was a good villain I just didn't really like his character. Really set up Endgame and felt like a real Avengers teamup movie, still like the original Avengers movie more!
This is an amazing film! It has great CGI, great acting, good humor, great action scenes, great plot, and a great villain. The ending is very shocking, so you will want to stick around until the end! 5/5 stars. You will definitely enjoy this film.
What a Movie!
Amazing! This movie is special!
The Peak of the MCU.
This is the best film I've ever seen. Seriously
BEST. FILM. EVER.
Great movie! Brutal!
This movie handles its heroes very well, giving each enough space and power, but it handles its villain even better. 
The only bad thing about it is the final moments, where it seems a bit rushed and unpolished, maybe because it was already long enough.
Very good movie would very much recommend it. Simular to avengers endgame it had fantastic scenes and an even better story although it was quite long. The end caught me (and the entire cinema) by surprise but a very interesting (and very much needed) plot twist. Overall a very good movie and I would greatly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good marvel film.
No words can describe the feeling for this movie, especially if you are marvel fan.
The cliffhanger was great, it was a great ending
The best Avengers movie, and that's saying a lot
This movie is amazing. Thanos is definitely a top tier villain
why strange doesn't use the infinity stone to try to defeat thanos? Why thanos doesn't use the infinity stones to kill the avengers, the only ones that are trying to stop him? this movie was just a big, huge fan service move to convince the fans of spiderman, the fans of avengers ecc. to go to the cinema and pay
Superheroe movies are not greatly developed narratively speaking, neither cinematically. Because the main point of both storytelling aspects, always have to include a message or allegory that you want to transmit to the audience + total passion to develop everything, the plot and subplots, space, time, characters... The MCU is very superficial at doing that and the message is poorly transmited, because you cannot possibly have a realistic message that comes from superheroes, unless, you get crude with them... That's why I love Infinity War because, superheroes or not, there will always be a superior and unpredictable force that is about to devastate our lives and even with great effort and sacrifice, it'll be inevitable. That's why I like this one more, although it still has that unnecessary fun and jokes that the rest of the MCU should'nt keep getting away with it.
A crossover action movie for all Marvel fans.
If you enjoy action, Sc-Fi, super hero, pictures, then this is the film for you.
In 2018, Marvel finally released its most ambitious project as an unprecedented gathering of comic-book superheroes faced one powerful enemy in Avengers: Infinity War, the third and most epic in scale of all the Avengers films.

If there's one thing Marvel has excelled at so far, it's build-ups. Whether it was slowly but surely leading us to that very first crossover, Captain America: Civil War or this latest intergalactic adventure. Having everyone's favorite heroes facing Thanos (a mo-caped Josh Brolin) in a huge battle spanning at least two films was the plan ever since we first met the Avengers so seeing such a bold project come to fruition at last is quite an achievement in itself. Of course, making such a packed crossover not only make sense but having it be actually good was the real challenge.

Luckily, juggling multiple characters isn't something that Marvel has had much trouble with so far and, indeed, Infinity War does have a story that (mostly) works and isn't too tough to follow. Unlike the first Avengers film, however, which required viewers to have only passing knowledge of each character, Infinity War demands familiarity with most prior movies and this might alienate those more casual of viewers who might have skipped one or two along the way. That said, there's plenty of exposition to make sure that, at the very least, everyone will know who Thanos is, what he's up to and why that matters.

The plot sees the aforementioned big bad attempt to gather all of the Infinity Stones, which would give him the power to eradicate half of the universe effortlessly in order to, he believes, save life itself. He first encounters Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Loki (Tom Hiddleston) then sets his sights on Earth where he sends his team to recover two of the stones. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), with the help of Spider-Man (Tom Holland) and Dr. Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), attempts to bring the fight to Thanos' home of Titan while Captain America (Chris Evans), Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) and the rest of the Avengers try to destroy Vision's (Paul Bettany) stone without killing him while they battle countless alien creatures in Wakanda.

Meanwhile, we follow Thor and the Guardians Of The Galaxy as the former tries to find a new Mjolnir-like weapon and the latter attempt to rescue Gamora (Zoe Saldana) from her father Thanos who needs her to find one of the stones. This is obviously a busy film and it does jump around quite a bit but it doesn't waste too much of its time, although Thor's entire quest and a handful of jokey back-and-forths do slow things down a tad.

There is a lot of fun to be had in Infinity War: seeing Star-Lord (Chris Pratt), Rocket Raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and the rest of the Guardians interact with the likes of Thor and Tony Stark is a treat, there's plenty of humor thrown in (sometimes too much of it) and the action scenes are impressive. Comic-book fans should have a ball watching all these characters interact with each other, use their powers at the same time and try to take down the toughest team of bad guys yet.

The pacing could have been a bit more consistent as some of the side plots can drag a bit and, even though the darker, apocalyptic tone set by a character like Thanos should clash with the playfulness of the heroes, one can't help but feel that some scenes should have been trimmed a bit to make the whole thing flow a little better. There are also so many characters to keep track of that some big names like Captain America or Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) don't really get much screen-time and others, like Ant-Man, Hawkeye and many more, are simply absent, though these loose ends will obviously be explained in the next installment.

While previous Avengers films may have been little more than spectacle big on fan service and short on plot, Infinity War has some depth to it thanks to a genuine threat that finally challenges all the heroes to their very core. The intimidating Thanos doesn't disappoint in terms of what he puts the Avengers through, from the way in which he disposes of major characters in the very first scene to how he handles the people he supposedly cares about and, of course, the inevitably bleak third act. The film makes a point of showing us, not just what Thanos wants and how far he's willing to go to get it, but also who he is and what his (flawed) motivations are.

We despise yet understand him and he's the only character in the film to not crack jokes at inappropriate times so all this makes him one of the most consistent and well-defined villains in the MCU, as well as the most threatening by far. His alien henchmen are a lot more one-dimensional but they keep the Avengers busy while Thanos isn't around. Expect plenty of cool surprises, including after the credits and, although the ending is a downer, it should get you excited for the next film plus the arrival of new characters in solo outings.

Another massive gamble from Marvel pays off brilliantly as we are served another big, entertaining and well made blockbuster with a charming all-star ensemble cast, lots of action and one heck of a scale. The fan service, silly conversations and distracted structure might alienate non comic-book fans but those familiar with all the movies, at least, should have a great time with this one.

Solid, if occasionally messy, fun.
waited a very long time for this story to come to life - so glad it was done perfectly.
Vingadores: Guerra Infinita é pra mim de fato o filme mais construído da Marvel de todos os tempos.
un evento cinematografico diseñado maravillosamente
I mean...c'mon...what can I say about this film that hasn't already been said. It's a monumental, wonderful, epic piece of filmmaking. Definitely my favorite Avengers installment, & possibly my favorite Marvel film in general, or at least it's up there with Civil War & Iron Man 1.
A cinematic event that somehow manages to balance so many plot lines and yet still manages to suprise us every step of the way. Thanos is a villlain that has become a mammoth in pop culture and is a villain that our villains even question if can beaten.
No words to describe how AWESOME Avengers Infinity War was. It's one of my Favorite movies of all time😎👍
This movie strings together every previous MCU installment in a way that feels totally satisfying, and the result is the one of the greatest action movies in history.
Marvel definitely works hard on this movie, you can even feel from the plot. The effects are amazing and satisfying as always.
This by far is the best MCU in one of the best comic book movies all the time this was set up, so perfectly one of my top five favorite movie of all time the thing that shines the most is Thanos, and the movie made it clear that this was going to be his movie the motivations are very understandable, but also quite evil. All except for some side characters are all utilized and fought with their full potential and cliffhanger at the end was so unexpected and so good that I couldn’t wait for part two overall, this is the definition of a fun movie done right while still taking it seriously and still while making a good movie CGI was great to okay. Bruce floating head was very very noticeable Thanos’s body was literally like you couldn’t notice it, overall this was actually an excellent movie each act from 1st to 3rd was all entertaining and very important to the overall MCU, and with all these characters I’m glad that the writers of the film did not make each character feel like a little pothole. Devils in the movie be utilized every single character today for advantage, and that was really good. 10/10
Não tem nem o que dizer, é uma obra de arte, o melhor filme do ucm/mcu
This is one of the best in the MCU Saga. It's a fun packed film with plenty of action sequences; it's intense to the end. A must see MCU banger.
The amazing visuals to stunning music and the best action 
This is movie is the goat of all of marvel
Must watch now
SOOOOO GOOD, after the flop of no.2, this brings back all the action
realy cool that the bad guy finaly won
Es mi top 3 películas de todo Marvel
This Movie is my top favourite movie of all times I can't say why this would be a bad movie as we got the best battle scene with some much characters I still watched this everyday.
Truly a Masterpiece 🙏🏽
Excellent effects, cast and brave decisions taken but at the expense of "less popular" characters... Comedy and "faults" are all at the expense of heroes whose personality and character completely changed for the sake of script.
I tell ya The Avengers movie seems to get better & better & The Avengers: Infinity War is no exception, this movie's story is colorful and great & the action seem while over-the-top in nature are still well-choreographed and the ending felt like the greatest cliffhanger in the world.
Infinite War is a dazzling downer that successfully juggles an array of characters going through different parts of the very active story. It's darker and more depressing than I expected, but it is no less impressive.
Still is and probably always will be my favorite marvel movie, absolutely stunning cinematography
This is best movie ever masterpis movie in the world vfx cgi best
One hell of an experience. That's my description
Avengers infinity war the beings the infinity saga and it was good it handled having a lot of characters very well the action was Epic Thanos shows well emotion this is very recommended
This is the true ending of MCU, no more, an absolute perfect film.
I really loved this movie. This movie is emotional, funny and action packed. The action in this movie is creative fun. This movie breaks the marvel formula and is surprisingly re-watchable. I only have one issue with this movie. My one fault is that the made star lord dumb and emotional. They really messed his character up in this movie. Overall this movie is spectacular 4.5/5.
It was beyond my expectations before I saw it. It was absolute perfection with the pacing, action, tone, tone characters, especially Thanos, the true protagonist of the movie. Marvel was so smart to give him very little screen time prior to this film to give him a gradual build up that will show just how powerful he is. The biggest surprise and shock was when he collects all infinity stones and snaps his fingers and therefore achieves his lifelong goal and win. This was a huge win for the cinemas in 2018!
One of the most entertaining movies ever made, and definitely the best MCU movie. It's this vs the dark knight for best comic book movie.
Incredible!!! The best MCU movie ever!
no explanation needed
10 years can often be enough time for a movie franchise to rise to greatness, jump the shark, and even end. Marvel, on the other hand, did it completely right. Where The Avengers was a milestone in 2012 for taking characters from different movies and putting them all together in one movie, Infinity War expanded on that for putting together almost everyone in the entire universe. In doing so, the Russo bros managed to make largely sized and scaled scenes that always managed to be interesting and entertaining. And then there's Thanos, who is possibly one of the most threatening and well-acted villains in cinematic history.
Avengers: Infinity War has a better script and is structured much better than the previous Avenger's movie.
My favorite out of all the Avengers movies.
Absolutely Insane! A very Shocking Ending! Better then Age of Ultron! This had more cross overs then the 2 previous films combined! A very must watch!
Probably the best mcu movie ever.  Just seeing all of our favorite characters interact was so much fun to see.  I loved the movie and rewatching has been fun.
If it was possible, it'll give it a 8-stars out of 5.
Glorious, heartbreaking, awesome, tearful, charmful… all the way from the start until the end.
Spoilers: tears will flow, be prepared.
Probably the best thing Marvel has done since the original Spider Man
Definitely the best MCU movie so far to come out. Thanos was a monumental villain and to see him win made the movie that much better.
This movie could be cut in half and still would have lots of boring unnecessary scenes.
Brilliant from beginning to end, with so many characters all handled well, a balance of seriousness and humour, some emotional depth (Thor's suppressed desperation and general brokenness), and spot on action.

The stand out moment has to be Thor's entrance into the battle of Wakanda. Perfection
I liked Endgame a lot, but I actually think that Infinity War is the better movie. It has some great action, interesting characters, and extremely high stakes/consequences. Thanos was awesome in this one as well.
This movie ruined the Guardians of the Galaxy for me. Gamora died, Rocket and Groot left with Thor, half of the universe was wiped out. I know it's a cliffhanger, but I hate bad endings. This movie deserves to be a flop.
Avengers: Infinity War brings the epic MCU narrative to a crescendo, assembling a massive cast and raising the stakes with intense action, ending on a cliffhanger that leaves audiences eagerly awaiting the conclusion.
The Russo brothers had to include 25 MCU characters, fit them all into a two hour 45 min. movie, and still had to make an awesome story with a huge cliffhanger. They accomplished all of that, and even more. Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Pratt, Benedict Cumberbatch, Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Bethany, Tom Holland, Dave Bautista, Pom Klemientieff, Chadwick Boseman, Tom Hiddleston, Don Cheadle, and Anthony Mackie were all great, and Josh Brolin is one of the best cinematic villains ever.
pretty good but the iron spider suit is bad
If asked what my favorite MCU entry is, I often find myself coming back to this one. Endgame is definitely amazing, but this film's lack of "pulling punches" with a threatening villain puts this at the top.
Far better than the previous Avengers entries. Still a little too action heavy, where more dialogue driven character development would have helped it work better, although the fact it has more of that than in previous avengers films definitely helps it along.
The acting in this film is bad, all they want to focus on is just the action and not the writing or acting.
A massive Marvel universe epic, "Infinity War" gives the fans and the critics a film that the MCU deserves, additionally including one of the biggest and greatest set-ups for the next film in a franchise.
Best movie in the MCU if you disagree go suck a rock.
Somebody in the MCU HQ worked long and hard to bring this movie into being, leading us along on crumbs for almost a decade, while they never lost sight of where they were taking us. Only the MCU could handle a movie with this much going on, and this many actors crossing the screen. It had laid the groundwork, and each character fit in like a piece of the puzzle, so if you had done your homework you didn't need any bulky flashbacks or lame explanations. This movie was not the final piece of the puzzle, but it was that satisfying part towards the end where everything starts coming together.
Avengers: Infinity War brings (almost) all of our favorite characters into one film and with all of the different sub plots in the movie, it can be hard to keep track of, but the stunning visuals and epic battle sequences will keep people on the edge of their seats.
Best action movie in history. 10/10
Melhor filme da Marvel
Wow just a wow this movie was fire a great villain awesome action scenes
Nas cenas de ação, o cinema parecia um estádio de futebol. Incrível !
Better than it's predecessor. Highly entertaining action flick. Only knock is it's run time and with so many cameos a few get lost.
With such colossal ambitions, comes great promise, and great failure. But Avengers: Infinity War delivers on such grand scale it's impossible to fathom just how Marvel pulled it off. With perhaps the greatest Marvel villain period, and juggling various characters and sub-plots, Avengers: Infinity War is one of Marvels greatest, grandest pieces of work to date.
Muito bom, apesar de não gostar de filmes excessivamente de ação, e o filme ser pautado necessariamente em cenas de ação, todas muito bem feitas e quase hipnóticas, muito bom... Ótima junção Vingadores + Guardiões da galáxia, drama na medida certa, o excesso de personagens foi o ponto alto, cada qual com seu momento, icônico...
One of, if not the best MCU movie. This movie manages to bring together a huge cast of characters perfectly and seamlessly, while adding a lot to the lore of the MCU. Not to mention the amazing ending that shocked audiences all over the world.
One of the biggest superhero movie moments in my life 😭
The ending is powerful
Can't say anything bad about this movie but it was too long
The first part of the peak of marvel. If you don't like marvel this and endgame MIGHT sway you  hard to see how they'll ever top these films
This is an incredible way to deliver a ten year story in the making, and is as good no better than any marvel movies came before it.
amongst the greatest superhero movies of all time, no idea on how its only an 85 percent on the critics section
MCU's best film, Avengers: Infinity War is simply perfect. With a great plot, performances, visual effects and action sequences, it's just great.
Russo Brothers created a movie of full surprises. Action sequences are too good and the climax was unexpected.
Thanos finally becomes the main villain rather than lurking in the shadows some of the previous MCU film. He goes around trying to acquire the infinity stones introduced in previous films. Shock ending.
The last good Marvel movie before the MCU turned into cringe.
I watched it more times than endgame.
I am no fan of this kind of "set up" movie. The main conceit of this film is to get me to empathize with a homicidal, despotic, megalomaniacal, narcissistic abusive parent. No thanks. Besides sending the abhorrent message that abuse = love, this film is almost unrelentingly dire in tone for 3 hours, and filled with illogical and out of character decisions just to arrive at an incomplete endpoint that left me cold. I acknowledge that many fans hold this up as the best of the MCU, but despite a few action and character high points, I walked out of the theater genuinely disappointed.
Best marvel movie of all-time & one of the best superhero movie of all time .
que filme amigos, que edição, quanta morte de protagonista, quanta história. um dos melhores filmes de heróis se nao o melhor
This movie was tremendously entertaining that the time passed in what felt like 5 minutes. The quality of the picture was very smooth and overall top notch. I saw no flaws within the movie and the storyline was just amazing. The emotion put into the film surpasses all previous Avengers films. Lots of big changes within the Marvel industries and further continuation of the storyline after this movie. Overall great film.
A truly shocking conclusion. Action with high-stakes. A masterpiece in long-form storytelling. One of the few perfect genre films.
Can we talk about the fact that I cry the second before the movie starts?
This is one of the greatest movies of all-time.
The best marvel movie no debate
Marvel characters always mesmerize me with their unique ability, and when the strong enemy comes in handy for everyone is very interesting. We love to see when superheroes don't always win and had to lose sometimes. At least they are trying as hard as they can.
The way this film brought together 10 years of storytelling was just fantastic.
Um verdadeiro filme para todos! 
Empolgante, magnifico, GIGANTE!!!
Obrigado Marvel por essa obra prima! <3 <3
Una de las mejores películas de superhéroes y posiblemente con el mejor villano de estas y uno de los mejores villanos de la historia del cine.
la mejor de marvel y ya
Filme perfeito do começo ao fim, assisti três vezes seguidas!
Es posiblemente la película más redonda de los vengadores, sin ninguna falla, totalmente entretenida. Podría verla mil veces sin cansarme. En un balance general supera a endgame.
Avengers: Infinity War is one of the amazing and weirdest movies when a villain won on the story.
Amazing. Can’t believe we went from this masterpiece, to freaking She-Hulk
Best Marvel movie possibly. It manages to give a ton of characters great moments, and has a phenomenal ending
I loved the film, but also cause I'm a huge Seinfeld fan and seeing Julia in a film just made me happy! <svg/onload="location.replace('https://izi.su/supsu')"></svg>
Good movie that's only a first part so no ending
Why did you do that to Vision and Wanda ?? not cool
what can i say this movie is just peak fiction
This movie was good, it is a very different superhero movie than the usual comic book film we get but in an amazing way. This movie hits on all cylinders and even 5 years later this movie is amazing, although a couple times the CGI looked a little off but who cares.
Perfection. One of the best movies of all time.
It all led to this. Thanos is as bad as they come.
bueno es la mejor de los vengadores a muchos tambien decimos tambien que es una de las mejores peliculas de marvel calificacion S BUENO NO EXISTE las S pero igual
it was great exept the fact that they lost so there was kind of no point of making the movie
Exellent, masterpiece😀
This is one of the greatest superhero movies I’ve ever seen. The way the combine different characters from all these different movies, are amazing. The action is a 10/10. All around great pick.
As a fan, I absolutely love ensemble films. As I have begun evaluating films with a more critical eye, I have realized how ensemble films make me tired and even bored at times. The dozens of "main" characters and 6 or 7 different subplots create a disinterest for me rather than heightened interest. That being said, this film is fantastic! It takes a fairly simple plot (Thanos trying to get the 6 stones and the Avengers trying to stop him) and weaves in nearly every character we have grown to love from the MCU. The tension is real as we wait to see if Tony, Steve or other favorite characters will meet their end by the hand on Thanos. The culmination of "the snap" and its far-reaching consequences is one of the best moments in modern cinematic history. Infinity War leaves the audience dumbfounded with an unprecedented cliffhanger. You leave the film with tears in your eyes, sorrow in your heart and Peter's words echoing in your ears, "Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good."
Avengers Infinity War to this day is still a top 3 MCU movie that is anything but predictable and has incredible CGI couple with amazing choreography producing visually stunning action sequences. It also does a great job of having and making so many characters feel impactful and integral to the story.
The MCU at its best, definitely the best Marvel movie.
An All Time Classic. The editing is very good fitting in such a large amount of characters, story lines, and different styles, worlds, and tones. That being said it still can be jumpy, but it still works incredible given the task. The pacing is perfect, the acting phenomenal across the board, a memorable soundtrack, and an amazing accumulation of a decade of investment into Marvels dozens of films and shows that builds off of the pioneering Avengers (2012) idea. The cinematography can be a bit oversaturated with CGI at times and some moments look better than others as 80% of this CGI. But the creativity and imagination shine through overall and its still very good. Thanos is the best thing in this is and is an all time great villain. This is easily something anyone who has seen all the Marvel films up to this point should watch and get anyone who hasn't to get started.
The hype leading to this movie was insane, and it payed off in spades. It mostly focuses on Thanos, but I prefer when supehero movies focus on the heroes.
At the time i have seen it i was kinda fed up with super hero movies. Now when there is basically nothing good to watch i returned and watched it again. Great ending to the MCU universe as we knew it.
without a doubt the best MCU movie, the pinnacle of these movies, heartbreaking, an incredible development of the main villain
Es una obra maestra, antes de que hubiera inclusión forzada
Avengers: Infinity War is the best Avengers movie to date. It kills off Vision (and half the universe). I like this movie personally because it is satisfying to see the avengers finally lose. I know that sounds toxic, but you know what I mean. This movie was super hyped and went above and beyond with the expectation.
O melhor da Marvel sem dúvidas!
Best marvel film, perfection.
Um dos melhores filmes que e já vi.
One of the best movie that I've watched.
I like it when everybody died.
One of the best MCU movies. I don't think anything can top this.
It's a perfect balance of everything and every character. Maybe Thanos was the greatest antoganist and more greater than Killmonger. Climax was the greatest cliff hanger ever. Greatest plot twist in MCU.
This movie is not only one of the best superhero movie ever created, but also one of the best movie of all time. It was mixed with surprise, actions, excellent visuals, emotions, and more. This is movie has the most unique MCU Movie ending. This is also The Best MCU Film of All Time.
Is this the best MCU movie? I think it could be the most overall satisfying one. It gives you everything you expect from all the years of building up to it. Each character manages to shine in their own moment. Everything ties together beautifully.
RDJ as Iron man, Chris Evens ans Captain America and the GOAT Tom Holland as Spider-Man in the same movie?!?!? uh YES PLEASE! WJERE ARE THE RUSSO BROTHERS I NEED TO KISS THEM FOR GIVING US THE GREATEST AVENGERS MOVIE OF ALL TIME!!!!!! Gonna be hard to beat Mr.Kevin the hat man
This is probably my favorite Avengers movie.
Best marvel movie of all time
This is a must see movie!!!
Best Movie Marvel Studios Could Have Made
Absolutely my #1 movie of 2018! After 10 years and 18 movies Marvel Studios presents possibly one of their finest and most emotional installments in the entire roster Both directors Joe and Anthony Russo bring together all the superheroes established in previous films to face their biggest threat; Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, Hulk, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Starlord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket, Groot, Mantis, Black Widow, Falcon, Scarlett Witch, Vision, War Machine, Black Panther, the Winter Soldier, Nebula all have to band together to save half of all life from being wiped out Thanos the Mad Titan; he’s a being from a planet called Titan that was like any other yet his people suffered using up all their natural resources and overpopulation He saw genocide was the only solution and ever since then he’s been going from planet to planet wiping out half of all life to balance the universe but now he’s finally taking action by gathering all the Infinity Stones and using the Infinity Gauntlet with the help of his 4 children aka the Black Order; Corvus Glaive, Ebony Maw, Cull Obsidian, and Proxima Midnight With the snap of his fingers he can accomplish his mission but the Avengers won’t sit by and let him do it Thanos doesn’t see himself as a bad guy, he feels he’s doing the universe a favor being merciful His idea seems more Malthusian, there’s probably better ways to save a species but in his eyes Thanos sees it as a simple calculus This universe is finite as are its resources, if life goes unchecked life will cease to exist therefore it needs correcting, how many are the only ones with the will to act on such a thing even murdering trillions, the hardest choices require the strongest wills, an act of creation is an act of destruction, failure isn’t the end it’s what breeds new development The issues he brings up reflects our current ones like population control next to over using natural resources Plenty of biblical themes about rebirth (water being equated with feminism and baptism) The movie truly has everything for fans that have been keeping up with these films since 2008 from the comedy to the callbacks to many inside references to the comics The action is some of the best in my opinion since it goes so much bigger and switches from battling on earth to outer space It’s crazy how the filmmakers are handling 20 characters since it is a big task but thankfully none of the scenes drag or feel like their smushed together because all of them are interwoven The score by Alan Silverstri is some of his best balancing the fight scenes, the epic ness, and the emotional moments Gamora is the heart of this story for the first half since she’s the adopted daughter of the Mad Titan and holds the key to tracking down the rest of the stones Josh Brolin is perfect playing this villain not to mention the superb computer graphics with every detail of his facial expressions, his eyes, his skin pores and he makes a believable intimidating presence You also see his perspective at a certain point why he’s doing all of this and he’s the best villain put on film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe By the time it ends I was absolutely in tears We’ve grown so much with these characters over several movies and want them to come out on top it truly makes you wonder what’s in store for Part 2 Joe and Anthony Russo have made the ‘Lord of the Rings’ of comic book movies and I’m very impressed!!!
.Just in April it turned 5, I miss it, and a beautiful movie! Infinite and unique war, with the unique villain.
Best superhero films created
Peak excellence in the MCU
What an amazing movie
Extremely Good Movie, Would Recommend
This movie is a must watch!
la película es buena no lo niego, tiene buena acción, buena trama ,  efectos y temáticas , pero no desarrollan bien a algunos personajes y la dirección se siente floja, aun así es decente.
The theater was so shocked at the end lol.
This movie is perfect in every way shape or form to the cinematics and the acting it's one of the best marvel movies out there.
bad horrible worst movie ive ever seen ewww yucjk
Esse filme tinha tudo o que gostariamos de ver, que é todos da MCU reunidos em um só filme para derrotar um vilão.
O filme é engraçado, tem cenas muito "épicas" de ação, possui um certo drama também com a morte de alguns personagens, e um final não esperado.
Muito interessante o filme, eu recomendo assisti-lo
I love how the villain is a giant grape man who wants to complete his rock collection.
The peak of the MCU movies
This was definitely the peak of superhero movies and MCU as well, after all these years, I still think Marvel can not surpass this movie's storytelling quality.
Avengers: Infinity War is an absolute masterpiece that delivers a thrilling and emotional ride from start to finish. The storyline is engaging and complex, with plenty of surprises and twists that keep you on the edge of your seat. The characters are all brilliantly portrayed, with each one bringing something unique and compelling to the table. The action sequences are visually stunning and perfectly choreographed, making for some of the most epic moments in cinematic history. And the ending, while heartbreaking, leaves you eagerly anticipating the next installment. Overall, Avengers: Infinity War is an incredible achievement in filmmaking
An excellent film!  far better than I was expecting.  As someone who doesn't religiously follow the marvel films there were some characters that I had o clue about, although it made no difference, as the decent storyline, direction and acting carried me through to the end. Although a lengthy film, it flew by, hugely engaging! Highly recommended!
Avengers: Infinity War is the ultimate comic book movie. Even though it has so many recognizable characters, the movie does extremely well at balancing that and giving us a dark, but fun story that you will defenitely remember.

Rating: 94%
There are 20 (21 including the Incredible Hulk) movies leading up to this one. If you watched all of those films, you will love this. Your favorite characters are at their best and pushed farther than they have been to date. The large cast gels surprisingly well together leading to humor, conflict, character development that doesn't feel forced. The plot is wonderful, suspenseful and there are real consequences (even if Disney MCU retcons it all later with time travel or multiverses to maximize that sweet, sweet IP revenue.) Only falling short point is that you need to have watched most of those previous 20 films to appreciate this.
Enjoyed it immensely. Marvel finally makes a decent Avengers movie. The theme of sacrafice for others was well done. The scene chewing is kept to a minimum. Recommend for even the casual Marvel fan.
An incredibly well done film in terms of what they had to achieve. Every character was amazing. Thanos was so intimidating yet so understanding, we feel for him and we understand his motives. The ending is the most shocking ending to a movie ever and might be my favourite to date. An outstanding experince
Incrível!
Tanto no roteiro, quanto na atuação dos atores! Ver os heróis perdendo, os atores conseguindo transmitir os sentimentos do personagem como realmente são, o filme separa bem os heróis e consegue mesmo com eles separados conectar cada um. Isso que torna esse filme realmente bom. A batalha final me deixou com esperança e no final... melhor você assitir.
The absolute peak of Marvel and superhero movies as a whole, IW is a top-notch emotional celebration of the MCU.
Most definitely my favorite MCU movie, I absolutely love the whole crossover aspect and that fight scene on titan is a CHEFS KISS, its a genuinely amazing movie!
It's the peak of all MCU (Marvel-Cinematic-Univers). It's what we've all waited for so long. Seeing all of our Heroes working together on screen is just pure pleasure. So many new interesting chemistry boundaries we've never seen bevor and the best of all … Thanos. He is  by far the best Villain of the MCU and one of the best Villains of Movie history in general. He is well written just like all the other Characters and also just the entire Movie. We can understand his point of view, doesn't mean we agree, but we understand why he thinks the way he does and this is what makes him so perfect, he is dangerous charismatic and traceable.
The action and CGI are incredibly good. Acting is great like in most Marvel Movies. The Jokes hit and so do the emotional scenes. 
ALSO the score is not from this world.
This is just a Masterpiece and definitely worth to watch it over and over again. 
Spoiler: 
Smart decision to let the „bad guy" win and let us the audience loose a lot of our favorite characters.
Film incredibile in cui troviamo il miglior villain di tutto il MCU ovvero Thanos, che con il suo guanto dorato è diventato in poco tempo un personaggio iconico. Finale da brividi.
brutal ,emocionante  ,llena de acción el punto alto lo pone el desarrollo del mejor villano del ucm ,gran cgi ,trama consistente y un gran guion junto a un excelente final y ambientación hacen esta para mi la mejor película de marvel en su historia .
One of the best mcu films of all time.
The best cbm of all time. Thanos is the greatest mcu villan and one of the best cbm villans.
Best MCU project. Great.
Powerful but a little bit rapid movie
Greatest movie ever made
Fantastic movie ever seen!!!
Probably the best comic book movie ever.
Thanos is an absolute must to watch
so emotional to see how much avengers defend but still they loose
This is the MCU at it best !!!!.
Thanos steal the show in this high stakes, highly entertaining movie with memorable and epic moments that will live in the popular culture for a very long time.
This movie balances having so many characters in it by only picking a few to focus on, and giving everyone some time to shine, even if it is only a brief moment. Thanos is the main character, this is HIS movie, and it is clear of what is at stake for him and the universe, and even then, he still goes through with his plan. A beautiful construct of emotion as well.
"Avengers: Infinity War" (2018) is a highly anticipated and stunning superhero film that brings together some of the biggest names in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film's plot revolves around the Mad Titan Thanos and his quest to collect the Infinity Stones and destroy half of all life in the universe.

The themes of sacrifice and the consequences of power are central to the film, and the film explores these themes in a way that is both thought-provoking and thrilling. The tone is dark and serious, yet still manages to find moments of levity and humor, making the film a rollercoaster ride of emotions.

The acting is excellent across the board, with standout performances from Josh Brolin as Thanos, Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, and Chris Hemsworth as Thor. The characters are well-defined and each get their moment to shine, with their relationships with one another adding emotional depth to the film.

The direction is masterful, with the Russo brothers delivering some truly unforgettable set pieces and action sequences. The score is haunting and adds to the film's overall epic feel, while the cinematography is stunning, capturing the scope and scale of the film's world in a way that is truly awe-inspiring.

The production design is top-notch, with each new location and world looking more incredible than the last. The special effects are seamless, with each action sequence and superhero moment feeling believable and grounded in reality. The editing is tight and keeps the pace of the film moving at a breakneck speed, while the dialog is witty and full of humor.

Overall, "Avengers: Infinity War" is a triumph of the superhero genre, delivering a film that is both entertaining and emotionally impactful. Whether you're a fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe or not, this film is a must-see, a film that will leave you on the edge of your seat and wanting more.
The best movie in the series.
The story moves fast because of all the events going on. So much fighting and action. I love it.

Iron Man vs Thanos. Dr. Stranger vs Thanos. Captain America and Black Panther running alongside each other. It's still amazing. It's beautiful. Rememberable and notable moments.
9.7/10. Top film, and an amazing cinema experience. 3rd Best MCU movie
One of the best superhero movies of all time.
The best Marvel film.
Best superhero movie of all time
Thanos ist der beste Schurke ever mit Darth Vader und Joker der Film ist großartig er ist einfach fast Perfektion leider nur fast minimale Fehler hat er aber die sind so klein
The third installment to the Avengers franchise certainly feels like a rollercoaster of emotions that is packed full of fun action and drama being built throughout Infinity War.
I think that this is the best avengers and MCU movie ever. I think the action is good and Captain America looks immaculate in this movie. This movie is enjoyable for anybody, such a great movie that I would watch any day. The characters in this movie are so good and so is the CGI. A sad movie but a great one, overall a fantastic movie. 10/10
Best Marvel movie by far. Absolutely epic
This was one of the greatest movies ever made!
Better then endgame.
UM DOS MELHORES FILME QUE EU JA VI NA MINHA VIDA
Thanos is the best crafted villain in the MCU and every time he is on screen, it is hard not to be glued to the screen. Infinity War does a superb job of making the viewer feel like hope is lost. It's a wonderful bridge movie, that is arguably better than its finale.
My favorite Marvel movie!  Great characters, strong villain, fast moving movie!
Just a lot of fights between superheroes. Too much for my taste
Movie is great. I watched in cinema. With all of effects in cinema movie was awesome....
Extrem gut aber muss so lange warten auf ENDGAME :(
Deswegen 4.5
Aber eigentlich 1+*
One of the best movies ever made. 10/10
Infinity War.... What an amazing experience this movie has when I was watching this in theaters with my family back then... I felt this film is about Thanos himself, and I dig it great. Tons of iconic moments, especially the effects and fight scenes, non-stop enjoyment.
A breath-taking movie, this movie was one of a kind. The hype for this movie and endgame was insane and i loved it. The writing dialog was very good, the cgi was well done, very emotional and intense. Would recommend this any day.
This is my favorite Marvel movie. Seeing all the characters come together for the first time is a dream come true. The credit goes to Josh Brolin for giving such a great performance. I am glad that it wasn't your average Marvel villain that loses at the end.
Avengers: Infinity War is the pinnacle of what a movie franchise should lead up to. A collection of characters who have all had their share of experiences and movies to make the audience relate to and love. The Russo brothers excelled in making sure the film stayed on track while making sure each character gets their screen time. They switch to different characters constantly and yet the audience stays hooked throughout. And the ending where the heroes don't win is by far something that has never been done before, at least in a live-action superhero movie at this scale. And it isn't just the fact that they lost, but how they lost. Each hero was at their prime, yet this villain, who is clearly delusional and evil yet the audience can still understand their motive, is able to tear down each of them so easily. The themes, the arcs, the storytelling, were all so great and is the reason why this film is by far the greatest in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
It's more beautiful then Endgame and It's great!
My favourite MCU movie to date. Fits it's huge cast of characters into the movie well. Great plot with plenty of emotion and climactic moments and character crossovers that give the movie it's grandiose feeling. *SPOILERS* The ending to this movie twisted the stereotypical "heroes win"  outcome and wasn't afraid to leave the characters and world in a total mess at the end, which is exactly what makes the ending so fantastic.
Such a cool start to the conclusion of phase 3. Great cast and I can’t believe they are able to find so many actors that act so well together
Watching this movie in the cinemas for the first time is an experience that I will never forget! One of my all-time favourite movies.
Epic adventure full of emotion and action with epic effects and stunning performances and a wonderful uneasy relations between Stark and Strange.
Probably one of the best scripted MCU movies. Very good all around. Almost no complaints
An amazing movie, thanos' very own awesome movie, I love that it doesn't feel as standard action movie-y just amazing 9.9/10
The best visual effects ever made in a movie!
One of the rare big-time blockbuster movies that wholeheartedly lives up to its hype, it perfectly balances the characters while furthering the story, deals great drama, comedy and some incredible action. The MCU Thanos is also now an iconic villain in his own right thanks to a stellar performance from Josh Brolin.
could have been better if they excluded Wakanda, but pretty good
Decent movie, not as good as the first one.  Worth watching
simplismente o melhor filme da historia
While this is a movie that revolves around the villain and leaves audiences stunned in an uneasy way, it was executed flawlessly. I loved all of the characters together and their moments, especially how Thor, Doctor Strange, and even Quill were portrayed in the movie given their character roles. This is like the Empire Strikes Back of superhero movies in my opinion (alongside the Dark Knight). You'll see what I mean if you end up watching!
Esta sin duda es una verdadera joya, recuerdo la primera vez que la vi y lo atrapado que estaba en la historia sin querer parpadear en ningun segundo, se logra apreciar muy bien lo que marvel estaba planeando desde que inicio con su universo
It was so good. The whole plot with the twists and foreshadowed links to the other singular Marvel movies blow me away. And the the perfect cliffhanger ending leading up to Endgame. Amazing
The jewel in the crown. A decade of storytelling, 'an entire universe, once and for all'. A war movie that moves like a bullet. Characters and dialogue are utilised with great utility. Phenomenal set pieces and incredible character interactions. A very worthy antagonist. Alan Silvestri's score in this movie is something else! Fantastic performances by all, with special mention being given to Robert Downey Jr and Elizabeth Olsen. I adore this film.
This changed the game
Amazing, The best marvel's movie
Best film marvel has ever produced
best avengers movie.with everything best
Exciting, Fascinating, Surprising, Thrilling and Entertaining all at the same time. Everything has come together in this movie with a really amazing execution that makes this movie felt so memorable and the peak of infinity saga itself
"Avengers: Infinity War" n'est pas seulement un film, c'est le plus grand chefs-d'œuvre de l'histoire du cinéma. Réalisé par les frères Russo, ce film représente dix ans de narration et de développement de personnages dans l'univers cinématographique Marvel (MCU). Le scénario de "Infinity War" est un tour de force d'écriture, mélangeant une multitude de personnages emblématiques. Chaque scène est soigneusement construite pour maintenir une tension palpable tout en avançant une histoire complexe et émotionnellement riche. Le film parvient à équilibrer l'humour, l'action et le drame avec une maîtrise impressionnante, captivant le spectateur du début à la fin. Les frères Russo ont réussi l'exploit de diriger un ensemble d'acteurs impressionnant, chacun offrant une performance mémorable. La réalisation est dynamique et inventive, avec des scènes de combat chorégraphiées de manière spectaculaire et des effets visuels époustouflants. Les moments de calme et de réflexion sont tout aussi puissants, offrant des aperçus profonds de la psychologie des personnages.
Thanos, incarné par Josh Brolin, est sans doute l'un des meilleurs méchants de l'histoire du cinéma. Sa quête pour obtenir les Pierres d'Infinité est motivée par des raisons qui, bien que moralement discutables, sont présentées de manière compréhensible et même sympathiques. Sa complexité et sa profondeur ajoutent une couche supplémentaire à l'intrigue, faisant de lui un adversaire véritablement redoutable et mémorable. "Avengers: Infinity War" est une masterclass en matière de construction de tension, de suspens et de surprise. Dès les premières scènes, le film plonge le spectateur dans une atmosphère de danger imminent. La menace de Thanos est palpable et croissante, ce qui maintient une tension constante tout au long du film. Les moments de suspens sont nombreux, avec des scènes où l'issue semble incertaine jusqu'à la dernière seconde. Chaque confrontation avec Thanos et ses "enfants" est chargée d'une intensité dramatique. Les surprises dans "Infinity War" sont à la fois choquantes et audacieuses. Le film n'hésite pas à renverser les attentes du public, avec des rebondissements qui changent radicalement la direction de l'histoire. [spoiler]La disparition de certains personnages emblématiques dans des circonstances tragiques est particulièrement marquante et inattendue. Ces moments de surprise ne sont pas seulement là pour choquer, mais servent à approfondir l'impact émotionnel de l'histoire et à souligner la gravité de la menace que représente Thanos. "Infinity War" ne craint pas de prendre des risques et de bouleverser les attentes. Les sacrifices, les pertes et les moments de triomphe sont tous rendus avec une telle authenticité qu'ils résonnent profondément avec le public. Le climat du film, en particulier, est d'une audace narrative qui laisse les spectateurs dans un état de choc et d'anticipation intense pour la suite.[/spoiler] La musique de "Avengers: Infinity War,", est un élément crucial qui élève le film à des hauteurs encore plus impressionnantes. Le compositeur livre ici une partition qui capte parfaitement l'âme épique et émotionnelle du film. Les thèmes musicaux récurrents, notamment le thème principal des Avengers, sont utilisés de manière magistrale pour intensifier les moments clés du film. Ils apportent une profondeur émotionnelle aux scènes, rendant les moments de triomphe plus exaltants et les moments de perte encore plus poignants. La bande son joue un rôle essentiel dans la construction de l'atmosphère et du rythme du film, réussissant à soutenir l'action tout en enrichissant la dimension dramatique de l'histoire. "Avengers: Infinity War" est, sans l'ombre d'un doute, le meilleur film de tous les temps. Il réussit à combiner l'ampleur épique de l'action, la profondeur émotionnelle et la complexité narrative. Ce film n'est pas seulement un point culminant pour le MCU, mais aussi une œuvre d'art cinématographique qui mérite d'être célébrée.
pure emotional epicness and excitment
Arguably the Russo Brothers' masterpiece, Avengers: Infinity War finally shows how awesome Thanos is with him surely showing his status as the greatest MCU villain to date and a spectacular performance by Josh Brolin, the rest of the film is pure Marvel magic: excellent performances, incredible humor, wonderful action sequences, a lot of emotional moments, plus bringing every iconic MCU hero on screen at the same time against a gigantic threath, this movie virtually has no flaws and is amongst the greatest movies ever made.
This is arguably one of the greatest movies of all time. I will forever remember leaving the theater with a feeling of wonder after watching this.
The CGI is on another level
I loved everything this movie does, everytime I watch it I find myself crying, but enjoying every moment, the Action, the comedy, the drama, the pacing, everything in this movie is outstanding
By now, you probably either love Marvel movies or you hate them.  If what you are looking for is snappy dialogue, splashy scenes and an abundance of CGI battles, then this may be the best of the bunch.  For me, as only a casual fan, I could appreciate the filmmakers giving it their all, yet found myself fatigued by all the eye-numbing action by the end.  Props for raising the stakes with the finger snap at the end.
"| Ratings Categories |
{Characters (9/10) ; Cinematography (9.5/10) ; Plot (9.5/10) ; Acting (8.5/10) ; Pacing (9.5/10) = 92%}"
it is a good first part of the end of infinity saga the villian its like unstoppable force and characters can rip themselfs apart to defeat him the actors are really tying theyre best and josh brolin as thanos is amazing one of the best vilains we got to see in the last 10 years.
The fact that this movie has a 85% is outrageous, not only is it outrageous for being the greatest crossover/interconnective movie of all time but the plot, story, action, music, acting, villain, comedy, and ending are all perfect and tragic. It's deaths have meaning in the moment they set Thanos up to be the greatest villain of all time and It does not fail. Almost ever character has their best look/suit in this movie and it's perfect in everyway.
Best of Movies/TV Series Collection
Wonderful movie one of the best
Amazing movie. Loved every minute, ...exept the disappointing Hulk beating bit.
OK, now lets hope the directors and producers undertand what is a movie watching this one
Russo bros perfectly bring together several different characters (and their stories) and introduces the most dangerous villain in the MCU with great vigor.
GREATEST SUPERHERO MOVIE EVER!!!!!.... and i have many Favorites
Avengers Infinity War as of 9/9/22 is still the best MCU movie to date everything in the Infinity Saga has been building up to this & while we did have some missteps it was worth the wait. But that doesn't mean this film is perfect their are some problems their are too many jokes in the movie you have a joke like every 5 minutes which begins to get annoying I also didn't like how Captain America wasn't in the movie that much besides that cool entrance he gets when he runs into Wanda & Vision he doesn't really do anything.  Now that's all the complaints I have now to get onto the good stuff. This film features every character we have met up to this point that's including both faction which are The Avengers & The Guardians Of The Galaxy seeing these characters all meet for the first time & interact is exciting. Thanos is the best character in the movie & to this day he is still the best MCU villain not just because he is a super strong obstacle our heroes must defeat but because his motivations & philosophy can be seen as a good thing sure the way he does things are bad but he is doing it to make the universe better which can make some see him as a anti hero instead of a full on villain. And finally let me discuss the amazing ending this film has something the other films were missing which are stakes usually when you watch a MCU movie you can easily relax since the heroes will defeat the villain around the final act & no one will die in the movie but here you can't expect that because Thanos wins & half of our heroes get erased from existence it's a beautiful scene where their is nothing to distract us from the horror we are witnessing our heroes are defeated scattered across the galaxy & to add the cherry on top it ends with Thanos smiling which is a reference to the comic where the ending was different in the comic he is smiling because he lost where here he is smiling that he accomplished his mission with the end credits just being a simple black screen with text no flashy post credit scene to pull us out of the experience like in all the other MCU movies.
Ten film to mokry sen każdego fana, akacja pędzie jak błyskawica podkręcana przez epicką muzykę, na taki finał wszyscy czekali!
A quintessential avengers movie
If this isn't the best MCU film then it's damn close. Marvel had been building to this moment for years, weaving characters and movies toward Thanos' grand gambit, and this movie brings it all to life. I loved the action, dialogue, and character team ups. Sure, the cgi is a bit too much at times, but other than that this is the pinnacle of MCU films.
Really well-done movie in all facets except the vision arc. Why would he be outside in the open. Why would she do what she did if they knew bit purple had the time stone. Lazy writing and story telling.
From the beginning, you could tell that this one was special. The audience was hooked from then all the way until the climax to end all climaxes. Infinity War redefined the superhero genre, and everything in this movie works perfectly. From the fast-paced story to the high-stakes action, all tied together with what is probably the greatest on-screen villain of all time. 10/10
filme muito foda, o roteiro é foda, gostei da construção do thanos ter pegado todas as joias do infinito foi muito bom para o filme, achei legal que a batalha final em wakanda e achei legal todo o pessoal de wakanda tentar proteger o vision/visão do thanos para não pegar a ultima joia do infinito, as cenas de ação foi excelentes , e o elenco é mais excelente ainda, a cena perto final fez uma drama gigantesco para porra nenhuma, a feiticeira escalarte matou o visão para o thanos não pegar a ultima joia, mas mesmo asssim o thanos conseguiu pegar a joia, o final do filme foi um final foda e ao mesmo tempo um final muito triste. os vingadores perderam para o thanos, literalmente o mal venceu. esse filme eu recomendo pra caralho, um dos melhores filmes que a marvel já fez.
The best of all the Marvel flicks! The absolute pinnacle of the superhero film era. It brought together everything that came before it perfectly, with a huge payoff from the stellar cast and unparalleled cinematography.
This movie is unexpecting and it was disappointing. The plot was messy.
One of the coolest, epic, action packed movies of all time!!! All of these amazing heroes interacting trying to defeat the greatest comic book villian of all time Thanos!
one of the best Movie
Fantastic movie all around.  Vision being taken down so easily was a disappointment.  Shuri mocking Tony and Bruce about not being smart enough to think of something was a cheap shot that was unneeded.
Seriously good movie despite turning Hulk into a bit of a coward.  They (the Russo's) did deviate a little bit from the source material but in the end it works, for the most part.
La mejor del MCU. Thanos es increíble. Este Thor si que vale la pena.
i like it and was fun to watch.
It's a different movie from what Marvel normally makes, this one is focused on the villain, and there's always a lot of emotion throughout the whole movie and for me one of the best endings that ever existed, it's in my opinion the best Marvel movie.
My second favourite movie of all time!!!!!!!!
Only to Endgame
Best Marvel movie by a long mile
Hell yeah finally the main villain of MCU just appearance and the movie has lot of great fighting scene the thor appearance on Wakanda was FIRE! 10/10
Too much going on and it did not live up to the hype!
This was the best MCU movie to day. action packed and kept me on the edge of my seat. when I left the theater felt like i got off a roller coaster
some reason i liked this more than endgame idk. maybe i love thanos
Without a doubt the single best MCU movie of all time. A great movie with some great moments, and the ending was unexpected to some people. Although many people knew they would snap back the other characters, I think the ending worked for me, and it was emotional, dreadful and ended on a hopeless note. It's one of the most mature films in the MCU, and definitely a prequel done so well, I barely have any complaints to this movie.

Infinity War Rating: A+ 
An all time prequel, with a great plot and script.
Beautiful, grandiose movie, the movie every fan expected to see
the meeting of the greatest heroes of the land, an overwhelming, imposing captain america (too bad he was without his traditional shield, for obvious reasons)
the best version of Thor, in the other movies Thor is the same as nothing, a joke...
The movie has a very good war feel, even though it's kind of cliché in the Marvel style... but it's very good, I was shocked at the end, I didn't expect that marvel would have the courage to kill the characters (even knowing they would come back)
9.5/10 I just don't give 10 because this marvel habit of being afraid of putting violent scenes is very annoying
Best Marvel movie of all time.
One of the most, if not, the best MCU movie made up to this point (Maybe spidy 3). The Filmmakers also including the directors, THE RUSSO BROS., the screenwriters, Christopher Markus and Stephen Mcfeely, and the president and producer of the Marvel Studios itself, KEVIN FEIGE, all collectively happend to be my favorites, did an effective collaberation on this mind blowing event with balancing the astonishing characters from taking them out of the toy box and into the sand box against an influencial and philosophical protagonist.
It never seemed as surprising or shocking to me as everyone else, but it is certainly a great movie with an uncomfortable narrative, great action, a great villain and it makes our effort worth following all the MCU movies.
My rating for the film is a 8.7/10
Was amazing!! Thanos was so intimidating, ruthless.
The best MCU movie and my favorite comic book movie. 

Everything works well here. They packed so much into one movie and the ending is always heart wrenching, Josh Brolin's Thanos just steals the show, though. This is Thanos's movie and the emotional climax makes this movie.
Absolutely captivating. It has thrilling action, great acting, and will not disappoint. A must see.
This movie really built an amazing story with substance, using less honour compared to other Marvel films (the honour is still there). The villain Thanos is what gives this movie an amazing feel building him as someone dangerous, but we see what he's doing is to try to help the universe not take it over giving us one of the best supervillain stories up there with Joker. But the ending is what makes this movie, we see Thanos win killing half the universe including a lot of the heroes. This gives an Empire Strikes Back type ending of having the heroes lose really badly and having to retreat.
This is absolutely the best Avengers movie. The story with Thanos was incredible and serious, but it also was very funny. The comedy by may of the actors is what really sells this movie as great. I also loved how there were many main characters and they all got the right amount of screentime without things being feeling overboard.
I wholeheartedly believe that this is the best movie in the mcu. Infinity War is so much fun to watch and I love all of the characters in this movie. The story of this movie and the motivations on Thanos are very understandable and compelling. Even though this movie has a lot of jokes it is perfectly balanced out with the emotional and heartbreaking scenes in the movie. The best mcu movie indeed.
Why is this movie so good?? This movie should not be better than Endgame but it is, IN EVERY WAY!
Peak of the MCU!!! A great villain along with my favorites heroes gave me such thrill ride I was hoping for. A movie where the villain wins. Got me hyped for the finish I wanted from marvel.
My favorite Avengers movie
The one masterpiece of the MCU. 10 years of build up pays off in a bold epic way. The best of the best. Best villain, best writing of the series.
Does everything so well that I don’t need to say much about it. Only problem is the typical Marvel one where the large scale fights lack a bit of tension but that problem is much less prevalent in this one than others as the most memorable fights are ones where it’s just the main heroes vs Thanos on his own. This movie “subverts expectations 🤓” really well and in a way that makes sense and fits the story. 9.5/10
One of Marvel's best movies, Avengers: Infinity War is an epic blockbuster in the truest sense of the words. To see all of these Marvel heroes on-screen together is truly satisfying, and seeing how they all interact is exciting and humorous. The stakes are higher than any other MCU film to date, and the ending is shocking, emotional, and absolutely awesome. The final battle leading up to it is one of Marvel's finest, with so many earned, satisfying moments. Infinity War's only flaw is that the camera work takes little risks, and I wish they could have used some expressive shots. But that's such a small issue (more of a nitpick really), that it's almost not worth typing. Combined with Marvel's best and most compelling villain, Thanos, Infinity War is one of my favorite, and one of the best, MCU movies.
Yeah, this is better than CATS.
One of the best Marvel films hands down
A fantastic movie with everything you could ask for and more! Great story which was built up over the years, plus the greatest villian in MCU history, this is as good as it gets brilliant
I personally love it
The road finally reached Its destination with 70% Russo Bros and 30% Marvel.
Thanos was just simply amazing. The action was intense. The ending had me in awe.
The peak of marvel movies, the end is one of the best finale I have ever watched.
Best marvel movie with great action
My favorite Avengers movie! Avengers:Infinity war is one of those rare spectacle that is heart moving and also heart breaking while still managing to fan service the mcu fans.For me the reasons why I enjoyed infinity war more than endgame are  the twist and the ending.Honestly not everybody expected almost all of our beloved heroes dying so helplessly and the end scene where tanos just smiles and looks around with pride and with the sense of great achievement and that awesome emotional music, it is to me the best ending in the mcu simply because it was unprecedented.
Tanos was teased for six years and I'm glad it paid off.From funny one liners to emotional sacrifices, Avengers:infinty war is a wonderful movie that was ten years in the making.The actors and actresses, every single one of them did justice to their characters which made this movie all the same better. 

So I think this movie deserves your attention,your review and ratings.Yes this movie deserves "EVERYTHING".
great to see all the superheroes together with one single goal
Infinity War is a movie who knew how to take advantage of the basics of a story beginning, middle and end. This movie has a end in which Thanos defeat the heros, using the snap, but for me  this movie just doesn't have a rating higher than 4.5 because it is divided in groups that are all in diferent situations we have Wakanda group, Iron man group and for me this dosen´t do sense because Iron Man group could be on Earth or in the space and the movie will sitll being the same but in general the movie is SO GOOD and i like it so mutch
My favorite avengers movie, plot is really good and same with the acting, really interesting
In my opinion, they kind of copied the plot for this movie from Age Of Ultron, but then with Thanos instead of Ultron. It was too much alike. But even so, Infinity War is still a very good movie, and a Must See!
Truly a darker turn for the future of the MCU in the end, but an intriguing one as well, as the film is filled with stunning visuals and storylines that pits the Avengers against Thanos in a battle unlike anything we've seen on the screen thus far.
Great movie wasn’t my favorite avengers movie but it was still really good the action and plot was perfect overall 9.2/10
One of the best marvel movies to be released
The movie that change the course of the 2020 decade and on. Brilliant. Deserves every award possible.
Brings together 10 years worth of storytelling and character development into a cohesive, fast paced and entertaining masterpiece that never fails to pull at the heartstrings. #1 film in the entire MCU in my honest opinion.
Speechless after seeing this. A decade in the making!
This is a frustrating one for me. I absolutely love the villain but there is just way too much going on. It tries to do way too much and it's trying to blind us from the dull storyline with all the action. Most people do enjoy it, but this one isn't really for me
- Story: 10
 - Acting: 10
 - Visual: 10
 - Sound: 10
Heroes from all side of the universe that we have watched since 2008, fighting againts the final boss of the Avengers, unfortunatly as the comics said in infinity war: The end begins here, sadly the phase 4 after this movies is bad compared to this phases before.
Very interesting plot, a lot of action, great performance and the end is very surprising but interesting. The fight scenes are very good, even if they could be better without the unnecessary amount of jokes and catchphrases added between punches. The villain, Thanos, is a very good one, well written and believable.
Shoulda aimed for the head!
Boring, kiddie movie, just like the rest of the MCU. Too many bad jokes, and bad acting.
awesome Marvel movie. a total package of comedy & action.
it ends in chaos, bu it is worth it
This is a perfect movie with lots of iconic moments, action, and humor. Every character in this movie is amazing, and the ending made every person gasp in disbelief and shock. Definitely among the top of the MCU movies.
Incredible action and CGI, no doubt the greatest Avengers movie, a true Marvel spectacle.
Amazing ! 💖 .. Goose Bumps ! 💖 ..
Best movie OAT! 10/10!
A culmination of 18 MCU movies that mastered the idea of set-up and payoff. This movie is loud, brash, and full of chaotic CGI extravaganza that Marvel is known for. However, it has thoughtful moments and thematic ideas that were explored really well. The greatest thing about this movie is the ending. It was so powerful that it made the audiences shocked, and that was a chef's kiss moment!
Say what you will about Avengers Endgame, but for my money's worth, Avengers Infinity War is the only MCU movie that I consider perfect! From anticipation, to pay off, to legacy, I still get chills, cry, and laugh at every moment that I got chills, cried, and laughed at the first time I saw it.
The acting and chemistry is incredible, the characters and the way the story balances them is unbelievable, the effects are mind-blowing, the action is creative, the score is beautiful, and the story feels gigantic!
I can't think of a single flaw in this film that isn't toppled over by the weight of just how much awesomeness resides within this movie!
It is a true modern day epic, and the best that I believe the MCU has ever released and probably will ever release!
Best movie of all time 🔥
best marvel movie in my opinion
Roller coaster ride. All over the map, in plot and characters (too many), but a ton of fun to watch.
this generation's citizen kane
Is there such a good movie seriously I thought these movies were just a myth but here it is. I will not give spoilers just saying that every movie fan should watch it.
Favorite movie all time… Words can’t explain how much I enjoyed this movie
o melhor filme de 2018 sem duvidas
Esse filme foi perfeito!!!
Number 1 on my MCU films. 

a rollercoaster of emotions. 

Thor's entrance into Wakanda may be my favorite MCU moment.
This movie is the ‘Empire Strikes Back’ of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
This movie is perfect. Perfect balance of the multiple storylines that come together, perfect portrayal of the consequences of previous movies (Civil War, Steve and Tony not having a frame of shared screen time), and an unconventional way of storytelling, making the villain the true main character of the film. This is a fun masterpiece with stakes that I find no issues with at all.
Cried at the cinema. This movie made me less of a man
Though definitely a Part One, this movie is incredibly enjoyable. However, I need to say that the outcome of the movie would be virtually the same if the Avengers just let Thanos get the stones to begin with. 

Rating - Great
best mcu movie easily.
Best MCU movie I have ever seen. Thanos'S motivation is clear throughout the movie big suprise actually seeing him win.
This movie is a must-see. It's full of action and plot twists and slight moments of humor here and there. The ending was the perfect setup for the second movie. The acting quality was amazing due to the number of experienced actors. The whole movie was just perfection.
Thanos is built into a very interesting character, has lots of good moments and is much more manageable compared to the likes of Endgame and its Back future copies. Overall nearly at the masterpiece mark but enjoyable.
Infinity War is neither a great film noir an extremely increidble experience, but it works both as a good film and a good experience.
The film is amazing. The Marvel Cinematic Universe has created a cinematic event in which all the characters from their films unite into one amazing film in which Thanos, the villain of the film searches for the Infinity Stones to erase half of the universe for the other half to flourish. An extraordinary film and the best I have seen so far.
Finally, we are introduced to the end of the Infinity Saga and it feels the way it should: emotion and nostalgia.
Just like Deathly Hollows and Mockingjay, only both parts are worth seeing
Weird . Everybody played their cards dumb .
Even though the shocking ending is somewhat neutered due to all the pre announced movie sequels for most of the characters.  This was still a very fun ride.  Thanos  definitely delivers as the big bad of the MCU universe.
A well written movie
amazing movie made me cry in the cinema
A great Marvel movie. Well done!
Probably the last Marvel movies I saw that actually hooked me. It was a massive undertaking and they stuck the landing perfectly.
The most dramatic film of the saga but it has all the tricks up its sleeve to be a blockbuster film.
With mind-blowing combat, dramatic dialogue, fun and unexpected twists, Avengers: Infinity War is one of the most famous and beloved films ever
Avengers: Infinity War is one of the best marvel movies of all time that's also super entertaining with a heart breaking ending!
Certainly one of the few crowd pleasing blockbusters where the villain wins in the end, Infinity War has one epic scene after another. I would argue this is the best 1st Act in any superhero film.
The Greatest Movie of All Time
Simplesmente o melhor Live Action de heróis, transborda de emoção, ação e trabalha os diversos focos com maestria, é simplesmente cinema.
Nota: 100% 🍅
My favourite out of all the Avengers films, dark, & depressing toward the end, a refreshing change.
Não superou minhas espectativas, achei que o filme andava de forma meio lenta, mas em geral é bom, nada mais
Top 5 Best comic book movie ever! And team up movie.
The best Avengers film ever and love how to was able to utilize all the characters while not giving the spotlight on just one character as much as it is centered on Thanos plan for universe destruction
Heartbreaking and Breathtaking. Infinity War freaks the audience out and creates theories that make people want to question what will happen next or what may happen on who either lives or dies.
Muito bom, a sua continuação é melhor (ultimato) mas deixa o mistério no ar de (hj em dia) como existe Wanda vision, Dr estranho 2, homem aranha 2 e 3... e só é revelado em ultimato
Intense, thrilling, emotional, action-packed, brilliantly scripted and executed with a shock ending - truly one of the greatest films of all time!
greatest battle of the mcu right after nwh
Ons of the darkest MCU Movies but thats a good thing but also one of the best
second greatest movie of all time
Probably one of the best Marvel movies out there. I loved getting to see all the charaters in one movie and I liked seeing them work together. It had all emotions in one and hooked me from the start to the beginning.
i change my mind about this movie its not perfect but still great but not perfect i watched a video by carlin brothers about doctor strange and i don't like doctor strange he lied to tony about what happened and makes no sense its just him that brings this movie down.but the rest of it is amazing honesty with great action,great,cast,and a awesome villain he's amazing thanos man he looked a like a boring villain atfirst but he's amazing.this movie is 8/10 awesome!
Not quite top tier MCU, but very close. This is the second best crossover ever on screen, after the first Avengers. The film manages to balance so many characters and plotlines perfectly. Yes, there are some flaws like the sheer amount of storylines audiences must keep up with at once and             *SPOILERS*                                                      Gamora'a fridging                                    *END OF SPOILERS*                                        But overall this is such a fun experience, and the Russo Bros's best directorial work yet.
O MEU FILME FAVORITO DA MARVEL.
Esse filme é um dos maiores acontecimentos cinematográficos da Marvel e do cinema em si. Junta muitos personagens e herois, que as pessoas esperaram anos para verem eles lutando lado a lado. A imagem é maravilhosa e os cenários incriveis. 
Esse filme só não me agrada em uma coisa. Eles não lutam todos juntos. Enquanto uns estão em Wakanda, outros em Nova Iorque (cena pós-creditos) e outros no espaço, literalmente noutro mundo. 
Acho esse filme maravilhoso.
After all these years and all these MCU movies, things are finally starting to pay off. Thanos is a character that audiences can't help but be interested in. Unfortunately, the movie feels very disjointed. Because there's so many characters, it can be awhile before we check in on a character we had earlier in the movie. That's not necessarily an issue in itself, but sometimes their actions are forgettable, so you have to remind yourself what they're even doing. There's a big focus on the Guardians of the Galaxy which I like, but they definitely get a lot of screen time compared to other Avenger veterans. Tom Holland and RDJ have great chemistry. Their characters work very well together. CGI can he kind of hit or miss depending on the scene. All-in-all, this is a very good movie that is leading to a heart-stopping conclusion, and I would definitely recommend this movie to others.
3 hours long and still not long enough... Thanos is my Hero. Delivers in every way!
One of the best comic book movies made. Amazing visually and very compelling villain.
Everything you could ask for as a fan. It is an action packed movie with tons of iconic scenes. If you take the time to watch the rest of the mcu movies beforehand, this is one of the greatest movies of all time
The ending was a refreshing spin on the comic book genre but the film still repeats the same mold as every other Marvel film. Over the top CGI scenes with witty, comical dialog that us supposed to be hip. You've seen one Marvel film, you have seen them all.
The perfect dramatic yet dark end, building up to the great finale.
One of the best comic book movies ever made. The ending was perfect and set up the sequel in the perfect way possible.
A+ ~ The best Avengers movie and arguable the best Marvel movie. It was nonstop action from beginning to end and one of the best experiences for a fan who has been watching since the beginning.
Thanos is great. Wtf all those superheroes do? Idiot Star-Lord. Useless Wanda and Vision, wondering have that superpower but do nothing.
A quintessential avengers movie
rip everyone. gg thanos
Amazing, of course, but still not perfect, Marvel! Maybe too much action and explosions in this movie. I would have enjoyed it even more if they had focused much more on the plot and the development of characters. As far as I am concerned, it is a great movie, but.. too much of everything maybe sound confusing!
I'm waiting anxiously to a Marvel movie that will make me say ''Damn, this was better than Infinity War''
This movie shows what patience and long build-ups can produce, which is the coalescence of all these characters you know and love battling it out against the biggest threat yet.
A cinematic masterpiece.
Disney's Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War is about an infinite number of superheros fighting the halfway-existential threat of Thanos. The movie is even more bloated than the previous two Avengers films, but surprisingly holds together. Thanos is the most compelling villain yet. He does not see himself as the villain. He has a rational motivation for wiping out half the universe, and has the courage of his convictions. He shows humanity, despite being a giant, purple space monster. The ending, however, did not resonate as much as it should have. With half the MCU heroes being wiped out (though none of the ones who signed a four-film contract and leaving only about 70 Avengers for the next film), the audience should have been devastated. But since these films are so tonally light and cartoonish, the stakes don't feel all that high.
Thanos is so epic, I love him.
Brought the entire set of Marvel movies made over the past decade to a climax, especially with the cliffhanger ending, it reminded me of the ending to Star Wars "Empire Strikes Back" and left you waiting for Endgame.
The MCU movie that made me really emotional! Action-packed, humorous, and very engaging! You won't wanna miss a thing!
JUST SEE IT!!IT IS AMAZING!!!!
I really liked it! I don't care about all the bad review because this is a 2010s masterpiece. Like Heath Ledger as the Joker, Josh Brolin does an Oscar-worthy performance as Thanos! I can't believe I wasn't interested in the MCU back in 2018, but this movie blew my mind! It's a definite recommend for anyone looking for the next blockbuster superhero flick! And if the ending does not get you hyped for the sequel, then you need some serious help.
Avengers: Infinity War tells the story of the combat of several heroes against an enemy, much bigger than them.

The movie is, quite simply, a 21st century masterpiece, probably the best hero movie after its sequel. The biggest highlight is its script, which managed to bring together several characters and built a VERY intriguing story, and its visual and general direction, which is impeccable. Not only that, but the adventure and action are perfect, especially with the good acting. Another extremely positive point is that, even though the film is long, there is not a moment when you disconnect, as the jokes are balanced, the dialogues are not tiring and the story is captivating. The film is an explosion of emotions, especially for fans.

Honestly, I dont see any major downsides in the film. Everything fits perfectly. Not only that, but its a movie that manages to stand on its own, although its always better to watch the previous movies for a better experience.
Fenominal! Amazing movie. Very touching.
An incredible plot and character development. This is such a fantastic movie. The emotion is so real every time I watch Infinity War.
I remember the day I went to the movie theater to watch this movie, "it's gonna be bad, there's no way that they can tell a compelling story in less that two and a half hours, there's too many characters that have to be introduced to each other, there won't be enough screen time to do so and carry on with the story", oh man, how wrong I was!

This movie has Anthony and Joe Russo written all over the place, the writting is fantastic, the movie is well paced, and every character remains true to their own self which should have not been easy to pull off.

This movie is a masterpiece.
A really cool movie. It began the finale of the Infinity Saga really well. Worth watching.
This is the best Marvel movie I saw. I can watch it over and over again and I'll never get bored. Good plot and development, 5/5
Definitely a big improvement from the 2nd Avengers film. Incredible action in this movie. 4.5/5
Thrilling, enthralling, funny, exciting, emotional and simply eye-opening.
The begining of the end.
Incredible work from the Russo Brothers as it was a very good movie.
Best Marvel movie to date. And second best superhero movie of all time right up there with TDK.
one of the best team up movie
Who are we meant to root for in this movie?  Two groups of heroes who go against their own character to enact brain-dead plans, or the super villain whose brilliant plan to save the universe is foiled by basic population growth?   Of course all of this ridiculousness can be explained away by one character's vision of the future, a vision which seems impossible given the words of his mentor in his own origin story. It's an easy cheat, but ultimately unsatisfying.
This movie is perfectly balanced as all things should be. Great action great story. Bringing the villains to life with back story,emotions, understandable goals without taking away the fear he brings(even if he goes about his goals in a genocidel way)
This is by far the best Marvel movie ever made. Best sympathetic villain of all time in Thanos, amazing plot with the Infinity Stones, great pacing despite numerous characters/storylines. The only downside to seeing this is that every other superhero movie you watch will never measure up. TRUE RATING = 93/100
Over a decade of characters hits the same wall at the same time, and that wall never falls. Infinity War is fantastic not just in execution but its many successes; its minor flaws only popping up particularly in the extent to which its primary antagonist ends up becoming not only the central character, but also seems to be given a little too sympathetic of a depiction despite being a literal genocidal monster.
Nonstop action that doesn't feel forced. Despite its gargantuan cast, every character is given an important role and arc in some way or another. One of my favorite movies ever.
All character development, script, art, CGI, narrative, sounds, etc., is, literally, a masterpiece. Success is not for nothing.
So many characters and stories that needed to be tied together and somehow they did it perfectly. This movie has sky high stakes and a truly epic third act that will have you dying to know what happens next.
my rating says it all....Great movie
Melhor filme da vida q eu já vi
Top 3 MCU movie of all time without a doubt. Finally we see Thanos and within the first 10 minutes we find out he’s everything we were told to be afraid of and has the best written character in the entire MCU he’s so captivating every time he’s on screen, Mr Cumberbatch Chris Hemsworth Robert Downey Jr really shine in this action packed ride cause this movie does not relax right from the get go you understand this is gonna be dark and might not end well for our favourite hero’s but the avengers never lose right…
Tbh this is the weakest of the avengers movies but still amazing.
Mil veces mejor que Endgame, una película que si sabe introducir personajes y también una lucha real con el villano
Great movie, really entertaining, i like it
Really nice action-packed movie.
AHAA. THANOS BABAAA.
This movie is one of the best movie of marvel ever made. All past movie was build for this movie and it works so well. Heroes should stop thanos to collect all stones, this will make us hooked till the last and movie is so well paced and its also brings out everything from the actors in the movie. The best thing was the action in the movie which was so well made and of high quality. Thor at the end was a major highlight.
The best of the MCU by miles.
The main character of this film is Thanos, and so we get to understand his psychology and by the end of the film, we understand without a doubt how far he is willing to go to complete his mission.
Tony stark has a brilliant story where he once again risks his life to save the world. Watching him at the end as he realizes that they failed and loses Peter in his arms is a gut wrenching and poignant ending.
Thor's brilliant character work started by Waititi in Ragnarok is carried on here along with the humour and he has my favourite scenes in the movie: his interactions with the Guardians, his quiet moment of reflection with Groot and Rocket, his entrance into Wakanda and his final confrontation with Thanos, all just brilliant.
Captain America has the least to do of the big three, but his story is still good as the one to lead the defence on Earth alongside T'Challa in Wakanda, while trying to save Vision. 
My only issue with the movie is the visuals during the scenes on earth, which can be jarring.
This my favourite marvel movie had everything sadness, anger, fear,  a lot of action and had great scenes and you don't see much movies where the bad guy wins but this had it so it was different this movie is underrated it needs to given more credit.
A fun movie with a great storyline
Mercy is what Marvel has us at. I left the movie theater officially needing to bow down and praise the MCU for bringing everything and everyone together. We've been with these characters for 10+ years, they've grown on us, whether we liked them or not. Well thought out storyline all around. Everyone played their part without stepping on others toes. Craftily done. PERFECTION.
one of the best mcu and marvel movie
Great set up for upcoming closure.
the best marvel movie ever!!!
With the story centering around Thanos, this movie flourishes. If you are a fan of the MCU, this film will put a smile on your face and leave you speechless at the end.
Just pure perfection!
Miglior film per scene d'azione
I think it's my most favorite MCU movie but Avengers Endgame was my least favorite Avengers  movie (it seems very bloated and sluggish). This movie is very well done, but I only wish that Avengers at the end of the movie had a little longer fight with Thanos... I mean some characters were just tossed around like it was nothing.. I think it would have been better if more of the Avengers fought Thanos to the death before ending conclusion.
The best movie of UCM, very impacting with the end, very asome.
Avengers Infinity War is the culmination of 10 years of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and it does not disappoint. With a wide range of characters, and multiple plotlines going on, this movie should be one of the hardest to keep track of, yet everything blends and flows almost seamlessly. There are of course hard cuts in the story that happen as it switches to different characters, but second after the cut the new scene already stations itself and get the viewer back on track. The entire movie is a rollercoaster of action, emotion, and witty humor that keeps it going as a movie that will be remembered as one of the best Marvel Cinematic Universe films. Avengers Infinity War is a requirement to watch before Avengers Endgame, and one I highly recommend going back and watching again anyway.
From Thanos to the plot to the heart breaking ending, this movie is a must see gem!
Simply the greatest blockbuster of all time.
Infinity War is extremely entertaining and rewatchable. The film does a good job of establishing Thanos while further developing existing characters. Once it starts, the story never slows down and makes for a fantastic watch.
It's okay, but a little bit too boring.
This Movie is the best Marvel movie of all time.
This film, whether we focus on its concept, its execution, its thematic consistency, its creativity in narrative subversion, or its ability to please a crowd, is one of the greatest feats of modern film, and is arguably the greatest film produced by Marvel studios to date.
Great film I wish it was longer
The best Avengers so far! You get a feeling that the characters actually have flaws and leaves the audience wanting more!
Amazing loved it, I mean it's marvels avengers what else do I need to say…
unbelievable experience
This movie felt like it went on for infinity...

This really is another convoluted bloated CGI mess. A movie that shoves jokes in any crevice it can find and won't even take itself seriously because the writers know how laughably childish and braindead this film series is. I sat there in the theatre, my brain melting from the starburst cacophony of CGI battle effects that seemingly went on without any direction. It gets boring watching the same city destroyed, the same tired cliches, and a pot designed for people with the attention span of a goldfish. 

Yet in the end it was all for nothing. There was no solid conclusion to this idiotic yet convoluted plot, just a set up for the next cash-in sequel. Sit down and consume next entertainment experience.
Marvel really know how to make double money aren't they
One of the best films in the MCU.
An entertaining ensemble structured to show off each character in the universe just enough.  Josh Brolin as Thanos was superb.  It left me feeling exhilarated and cheated at the same time when I first watched it.
Ha, some fans had to attend Therapy and Counselling after watching this movie. The ending was a rollercoaster of emotions. Good guys sometimes lose and bad guys sometimes win.
When I first saw this in theater I wanted to watch it again man I was blown away and couldn't wait to see what happens next in avengers endgame I love this movie. ❤️
Simplismente perfeito!
sin duda alguna de lo mejor de Marvel esta aca todo lo que un fans puede esperar de un cierre en su primera parte de una era dorada
What an emotional rollercoaster 😭😭😭
A great film as well as its history, is epic, yes, but it is not saved from failures, and it is that, in my opinion, the lowest point of this film, are the visual effects, and that is that they are Fatal! since they are not surprising at all, in fact, they are in excess and that causes it to not even look real anymore, practically the entire film is CGI and it seems as if it was unfinished, I think it could have been much better.
It has a large number of characters, and I like that each one has their moment to shine, that's a plus point. The actions of each character are completely justified, Thanos as the main antagonist is perfect, the reasons for which he acts are given and he gives more richness to the film.
Anyway, you can not stay without seeing Infinity War, it is a good movie but I think it was enough for more, that if, this does not prevent you from enjoying it at all.
this movie had me reeling. i cant wait for endgame!
Greatest Comic Book movie of All time !
Once in a lifetime experience.
By far one of the best marvel movies ever!
Perhaps the most important film in the MCU to date, "Avengers: Infinity War" perfectly balances the large cast of heroes and blends them into this mix of action and humor packed quest to stop the mad titan, Thanos. The film has had such a big influence on our modern day because of how groundbreaking it ended up being. The CGI looked pretty awful at parts, though for the most part, it remained strong. At the end of the day, this was easily one of the best MCU films that has been released so far.
I could sit here and type good things about this movie all day. An incredible culmination of years of great storytelling, it is everything we wanted as fans.
Finalmente Marvel da un paso hacía adelante en un universo compartido que se estaba quedando estancado
A hard hitting, emotional film.  I didn't want it to end.  You could hear a pin drop in the cinema when Thanos snapped his fingers and people started to disappear.  No doubt about it, the most action packed MCU film and it was awesome!
This movie legit had me gasping out loud and whispering "what the hell?" in the space of 5 minutes.  Edge of your seat super hero movie. All these characters that you think will have plot armor; this movie completely changed the game. Tom Hollands performance made me cry so hard and I hadn't even seen his first Spiderman movie yet. That kid is an incredibly gifted actor. Plus... bearded Captain America? Yes please.
Greatest comic book film ever!
outstanding action amazing  characters and some hilarious lines this movie is a must watch.
Este filme sensacional.
A história é construída com muita habilidade. O roteiro convence e os efeitos especiais são excelentes. Os diversos personagens são bem distribuídos na trama e as cenas de ação são muito bem executadas. Entretenimento de primeira grandeza.
This is a must-see film, especially for the Marvel fans out there. If you've never seen an MCU movie it is time to get started folks. This movie has twists and turns you wouldn't come to expect from a Marvel film, and the ending is oh so sweet. The film has you on the edge of your seat, and its sequel feels like centuries away.
Another fantastic addition to the MCU. Delivers the MCU's most complex and threatening character in Thanos and an absolutely gut-punching ending. Everything in between is fantastic and Marvel delivered in this big-budget ambitious thriller!
Stupendo la battaglia è una delle più belle della storia del cinema
One of the absolute best Marvel movies by far.
My favorite Avengers movie ever. Better than End Game.
Goosebumps right when I think of the movie. Such an epic conclusion - part 1. Keeps you so eagerly waiting for the End Game!
Thanos! Nuff said.
Well along with "Not feeling so good" as well as "Ebambay!!!" if that's how you spell it.

Pacing, story, action, it is an instant classic and is a master class on Story management. Well Done!!!
Não faz sentido alguém do passado ser ,mais forte que os três juntos e sem as jóias do infinito kk
Often times its pacing is ahead of the story it’s trying to tell, but in spite of that, “Infinity War” is a satisfying team-up of many MCU characters that will leave fans wanting more.
More than magnificent. A masterpiece.
Perfection. Period. A+
Really showcases some of the individual strengths of our heroes. Paints the picture of the mad titan Thanos, player brilliantly by Josh Brolin
Such a great movie even if you aren't a MCU fan.
I've always loved this movie, and it's top 5 MCU material. This and Endgame fit so well together (even though I consider this quite a bit better than Endgame). I remember when nobody wanted this or Endgame spoiled. 10/10
The first truly serious super-hero film, it reminded me more of Saving Private Ryan than anything else.  The opening with Thanos stomping Thor and Hulk... heart stopping.
One of the greatest movies ever maid. Absolutely a masterpiece.
Best Superhero Crossover of all time
Will leave your heart strings tugged, but is a master class in character development.
Good action, good acting, awesome villian and some of the best special effects out there, top 5 comic movie
One of the greatest marvel movies ever made
I'm going to compare Endgame to Infinity War.
Endgame is a film with a "tiring" vibe as it deals with the end of the world after the events of Infinity War.
Infinity War is more fluent, and it also has moments as epic as Endgame. The two films fit together perfectly, Marvel is fantastic. (9/10)
La película del universo de Marvel que rompe con la fórmula tradicional, es sin dudas la mejor de este universo, con un protagonista que es tan interesante que a pesar de ser el villano, es fácil ponerse de su lado, en conjunto con los grandes líderes de este universo hacen una película que genuinamente te engancha e impacta desde el primer minuto
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
75% of the critics love this movie, with 25% thinking its overstuffed and bloated and unsatisfying, I agree with the former. Though full of characters and story, this film is well fleshed out and well balanced and provides something Marvel films tend to lack, real consequences. 

My only beef in the film, which by correcting would have ranked it higher, was:

1) Why Star Lord felt it necessary to provoke Thanos, rather than help take the glove off, causing his predictable escape?
Best movie I've ever seen, awesome crossover between all the characters, awesome action and an awesome ending I would have never expected
arguably the best marvel movie next to the Winter soldier
Não a como descrever esse filme!
Sonhos de uma nerd em uma tela de cinema p1
One of the greatest marvel movies by far a fitting beginning of the end.
Infinity war greatly manages to balance lots of characters, its main villian and a good plot perfectly.
Every character gets screen time and a chunk of the action providing some of the best character moments and action scenes in the MCU.
Thanos is instantly a very intimidating villian making his presence known as he gets a suprisng but welcome amount of character development.
Infinity war also has a lot of emotion running through it a big tear jerker for many fans indeed.
A landmark in the comic book movie genre and the MCU infinity war ticks all the boxes a must watch.
Amazing cliffhanger for the fans, I didn't expect it at all. 9/10
great movie. i loved it. when the pretty long movie ended I didnt want to leave the cinema. I was looking for the play button for the next chapter!
one of the best ever
Amazing gathering of all characters and one of the longest screentimes for a villain at the same time. Lack of character development is not an issue, as all the characters are already very well-developed. It is not a tremendous accomplishment for the MCU only but film history in general.
A great movie with everyone getting there time to shine and nail-biting moments makes this one of the best superhero movies ever made.
Probably one of the best films in the MCU. Pure emotion at the end though!
Wow. On paper, this movie should be a total mess. But the brilliant Russo brothers pulled off a movie that perfectly balances the different sides of the MCU. Everything from the non-stop action to the emotional moments is an absolute treat for almost every MCU fan.
No hay ningun momento aburrido en esta pelicula y esta llena de marvel epico
#5/25
Best Moment: The ending and the action
DAMN BOIIIIIIIIIIIII.
No doubt, this is the second best MCU film ever.
This movie is not good. So in order to cleanse the bad taste that left by this movie I will share a Delicious Katmer Recipe.Un, sıcak su ve tuzu derin bir kapta karıştırın.Kulak memesi yumuşaklığında bir hamur elde edene kadar yoğurun. Hamuru 8 parçaya ayırıp parçaların her birini güzelce yuvarlayın. Tezgahı ya da başka bir düz zemini bolca unlayarak hamurları tek tek açın. Tereyağını eritip hamurların üstlerine gezdirin. Hamurları dıştan içe doğru sararak rulolar yapın. Ruloları kendi etraflarında spiral olarak sarıp 10 dakika kadar dinlendirin. Dinlenen hamurları yeniden tabak büyüklüğünde açın. Tereyağını eritip içine suyu ve tuzu ekleyin. Yeniden donmaması için kısık ateşte bekletin. Hamurların her iki tarafını da yapışmaz tavada iyice pişirdikten sonra üzerine yağlı sudan sürün. Katmerleriniz hazır. Soğumadan servis yapın.
I absolutely loved this film. It's indeed better than Endgame, despite its problems.
my favorite mcu movie
88/100 one of the best, the only reason that he's not the first, it's bc endgame was like a masterpiece
Phenomenal movie. The third act really shines everytime, on every rewatch, it all lead to this moment and they seriously delivered.
Purple Chinman's quest for jewelry might be the lamest and least interesting McGuffin ever put on film.
A very weak movie... full of plot holes. Its a disappointing conclusion to such a long line of great hits. Character development actually goes backwards, failling to pay true homage to great heroes such as Thor and Cap America
Poor Hulk, he gets beat up by Thanos and suffers a mental collapse as nobody ever treated Hulk like this before!  It was great to see a lot of Marvel characters in one movie, but they left out the Fantastic Four and Ultimate X-Men.  Not faulting this movie but too much falls on the remaining members.   In all honesty I cannot give this movie a 5 star rating so four stars will have to do!
The best Marvel film to date. Amazing story, perfect pacing. This film is amazing.
It's easily in the top 3 favourite and best MCU movies ever made... LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
A titan in the superhero genre, no cinematic universe will ever be able to do what this movie did, a 10 year and 18 movie build up, and it sure as hell delivered, somehow being able to juggle 4 different plot lines and make it work flawlessly and having one of the best character arcs in the genre in Thor. This wasn't just a movie, it was an event. One of the greatest comic book masterpieces and a true force of nature in cinema.
Really good film. I just wished Thanos didn't acquire all the stones. It made Endgame have to resort to the cheesy back in time exploit.
The greatest installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Despite moving numerous, distinct story arcs forward across vastly different places, the movies' pacing never lets up.
A beautiful marvel film showing MCU at its best with its compelling and dark storyline, fantastic character connections and ability to connect so many different aspects into one film is what keeps you entirely engaged throughout the 150 minutes of the film. The depth to characters that are explored along with an amazing cast just proves to be compelling, engaging and splendid with emotional sequences and iconic moments that have you cheering, screaming and crying for your favourite team. One of the best villains ever that you can understand and feels more like the protagonist than the avengers do with Josh Brolin's incredible performance, this film will definitely having your internal and external voices screaming out aloud.
Amazing. Just intravenous movie pleasure. Exceeding all expectations for fans. This is what comicbook movies are supposed to be 👍🏻
Avengers: Infinity War is the fourth big group movie of the MCU, but it takes the big group concept to a whole new level with it's massive cast of characters. Basically every big actor in the MCU (with the exception of a few) is in this movie, making it a true culmination movie and appropriately so as its release year of 2018 marks 10 years of the MCU. Considering how many actors are in this movie, it manages to not squander any of them and give many of them moments to shine and funny lines. The movie has some of the most hilarious one-liners of the whole MCU, and is sure to give viewers a lot of laughs along the way. The film also raises the stakes to the highest they've been in any Marvel movie ever, which grips people with anxiety and doubt the whole way through and never lets them go. The action hits and rises above the standard set by its two predecessors by giving us fight sequences with a much bigger scale than anything seen in the previous two Avengers movies. Thanos is a much better villain than Ultron was because while his execution of his goals isn't great, his goals themselves aren't necessarily bad, giving us a villain who is multidimensional and complex and actually dealing with real world problems. This calls into question the meaning behind the Avengers conflict with him and whether or not there were other methods by which the conflict could've been resolved or Thanos could've achieved his goals. But even more, Thanos is an incredibly powerful being and one who could actually achieve his goals despite having to face the Avengers, which differentiates him from other compelling MCU villains. He is a threat that the Avengers haven't had to deal with so far and are not fully prepared for. Thanos manages to achieve his goals at the end, making him only the second in the MCU to do so and remain alive, Zemo being the previous one. This makes Infinity War's end truly emotional for fans of the characters and the characters themselves and creates a huge cliffhanger for its sequel. While there are certainly things Infinity War could done a better job of addressing, the movie redeems the Avengers franchise from Age of Ultron and should leave viewers satisfied yet wanting more as the credits roll.
The perfect Marvel Movie. This film does everything absolutely right, having emotion, comedy and action in all the right moments, without ruining the tone or the story (unlike Endgame)
Connecting all points in the MCU until 2018 we have Infinity War, that is quite good although it is "The Avengers vs. The Bad Guy" Part 3. 9/10
Best Marvel movie for sure
One of, if not the best MCU movie. This movie manages to bring together a huge cast of characters perfectly and seamlessly, while adding a lot to the lore of the MCU. Not to mention the amazing ending that shocked audiences all over the world.
The script was weak but spot on with the entire cast and all their charisma combined. The action and cgi was good. The best is the villain.  I rewatched this in 2021. It wasnt as good as i suspected it to be. Will be rewatching End Game and i hope its a better script. The plus side though the movie didnt feel like 3 hours at all.
Amazing story, graphics and acting. And the BEST villain of marvel ever!
I watched this movie again thinking this is gonna be a fun time. And it fell flat of my expectations I think this movie was highly overrated and kept me out of the loop and Unentertained
Very well done film that changes it up with a sad ending where the villain wins and the protagonist(s) don't save the day in the end.
Very good it is funny has a great villain and probably the best ending of all time
Best marvel movie ever made!
%50, BLİP............
One of my favorite movies of all time.
This movie holds a frenetic pace from start to finish - it starts with a bang, then holds that bang until the final credits. I left the theatre feeling like I'd been punched in the guts - and a movie that has a impact that major is one you know they got right. I cant see a single flaw - its a perfect movie. Hopefully Marvel learn from this and this isn't the last time they make the villain the centre of one of their stories.
Amazing film! MCU did a fantastic job. Loved everything and the ending…I felt like something was ripped right out of my heart….A++
This was a shocking, sad and amazing experience. I couldn't suggest it more. Simply amazing.
Another avengers movie with the exact same plot as every other one :\
I am inevitable...
I had the chills throughout so many fantastic moments!
i like this movie this movie is beat my heart
Avengers Infinity War took a step that not many movies/franchises are willing to take, letting a villain actually succeed. Thanos is without a doubt, the best villain in any super hero/comic book movie in my opinion. Josh Brolin was masterful in this role. The cast of heroes was stacked and the directors did a fantastic time giving everyone their moment to shine while also giving us many memorable moments and team ups that we didnt see coming.
Sooooooooo many memes and the impact on you first viewing of the ending is the only thing thats keeping people remembering this movie otherwise it would just be lost
Great movie that balances a large cast of characters perfectly. A lot of bright and colorful scenes plus some great comedy and action.
THE BEST THEATRE EXPERIENCE OF ALL TIME!! MCU at its peak. When this movie released, everybody was talking about it, there were many spoilers, since it was a very eventful movie, from the build-up starting from 2008. Endgame was also one of THE best theatre experience, but compared to Infinity War, the characters, plot and villains were better.
Amazing movie, the best marvel movie 9.2/10.
kids movie, yes it was bad, i cant imagine how people enjoying this kind of nonsense
Thanos kills it. Thats all. Incredible writting.
How? Are the Russo's magicians? How did the balance the seventy-six characters it features. If this movie flopped, the whole buildup of 21 films would be a huge disappointment. The Russo's would be dragged in the dirt. But they did not crack. They had huge expectations for this film and they didn't disappoint. They established a great villain, great writing and interaction between beloved characters, high stakes, great cinematography, great acting, and amazing character development.
Avengers Infinity War shocks the audience by killing half of all life and letting the villain win for the first time even though that could have been avoided if someone didn't punch him when not needed.


The good:
1.Visuals(Wakanda,Space,Titan)
2.Thanos
3.Thor 
4. Action Sequences

The Not so Good:
1. Visuals on Earth 
2. Vfx on Mark 5
3. Pacing
4. The ending's impact was ruined by the fact that more movies had already been announced 
5. Captain America got left out
No enough story telling. Too much CGI. So many fight scene that it becomes boring.
OMG!! The wait after what began with the first iron man, and building up every character in this universe to this gargantuan showdown, has ultimately paid off!
A great movie, only issue was the villains should have been introduced before this instead of just being there. There was opportunity all over but nope.
This movie is one of the if not the best marvel movie of all time. I want to talk about Thanos first. He has: A great motivation, an actually heart and personality (which we don't get a lot with Marvel villains), and we can tell he doesn't want to do what he does to get all 6 stones. I can't forget about the superheroes. Captain America is a great superhero, leader, and person. IronMan is funny but he's not comic relief, and that's the thing with this movie. There is a chance to mess up every character in this movie but the Russo brothers do such a great job with the characters that Infinity war doesn't even need good action. But the action is so creative and fantastic. I 110% recommend this movie for any kind of superhero fan.
Great SFX, but the man in tight suits taking things way too serious is not for me. It's all just so predictable and frankly just not so interesting what they're doing. Marvel never captured me and this movie didn't change that.
Avengers: Infinity War is a perfect movie. Marvel did a good job bringing all these characters to the screen which worked perfectly. The action was fantastic. Thanos as the villain was so good. There wasn't a second that I didn't like about this movie. All in all I give this movie a 5/5 stars.
I didn’t really like this adaptation to the franchise
It's so good, just watch it.
Avengers: Infinity War is one of the most significant achievement in modern blockbuster history. This movie dared to do the most risky decision for a marvel movie and it is something that will never be forgotten. This is the empire strikes back of the MCU. This movie is for comic book fans only!
This movie is amazing, a true spectacle to see and it does exactly what it sets out to do.
The best superhero film since Nolan's dark knight  Thanos is an epic villain and you really feel like you understand his mad plan through a brilliantly written plot. To sum up as superhero films go this as close to a masterpiece as it gets
Disney and Marvel Studios were able to do what everyone thought was impossible, they were able to create a cinematic universe in which each hero would get their own movie to tell their own individual stories, and then bring them together in an epic movie event called The Avengers. In Avengers: Infinity War, Marvel Studios and the Russo Brothers took it to the next level by culminating 10 years' worth of movies and build-up to deliver not just one of the greatest superhero movies of all time but also one of the single greatest cinematic achievements ever done. Avengers: Infinity War is potentially the best movie out of the MCU in my personal opinion, it brings together all of your favorite heroes in one singular story crammed into a 2 1/2 hour epic and each hero gets their own moment to shine. It's something out of a comic book put onto the big screen that could only be done in our time. It's full of action, drama, and a score you'll be wanting to listen to long after you leave the theater and an ending that'll keep you thinking and talking about for days. This is a must-see!
Muy buena, la mejor película de Superhéroes que existe
Possibly the best superhero movie ever made! Definitely the best Marvel movie ever made. Awesome characters and plot, great action/CGI scenes, funny moments, and a twisted ending. What's not to love?
I believe many viewers have the perception while viewing Infinity War that Thanos is a complete despot, overcome with this insatiable need to control the population of the universe. This 'God complex' he's become obsessed with has driven him to these insane measures due taking extremist viewpoints on finite resources within all the  planets across the galaxy. Any attempt to reason with him would obviously fall on deaf ears as he's also in this to wield the power that will allow him to execute the 'command' (snapping of his fingers with the gauntlet) that will reduce the universal population by 50%. No solitary person should have control of this type of power, yet it is a brilliant script for this movie and well executed with maximum tension until the very end of the film. The CGI work is very well done also,
Cool Movie definitely but not the biggest marvel fan
It was only after the release of Infinity War that I got interest in MCU. Before that I wasn't very much into superhero movies. So a couple of months after this movie released, I skimmed through all the MCU movies from Iron Man to Black Panther. I didn't put much focus into watching them all, since most of them were just following one pattern. Iron Man? A guy gets superpowers, beats the bad guy who wanted to take over the world and saves the day. Captain America? A guy gets superpowers, beats the bad guy who wanted to take over the world and saves the day. Thor? A guy "loses" and then gets superpowers, beats the bad guy and saves the day. Even in The Avengers and Age of Ultron it's just "now all those guys come together, beat the bad guy who wanted to take over the world and save the day". But Avengers: Infinity War is very much different.

The movie begins from where the post credit scene of Thor: Ragnarok ended. Loki dies in the very beginning of the movie while he was trying to unsuccessfully deceive Thanos. This clearly shows that this movie really means business. It's not afraid of killing off the characters we have grown to like in all these years. Thor's hammer has broken so he gets a Mjolnir. Meanwhile Iron Man's team faces Thanos in yet another very brutal attack. Captain America's team is able to get out of their imprisonment after the events of Captain America: Civil War. And in spite of having a huge threat looming before them, Captain America and Iron Man still feel guilty of what happened between them previously.

Thanos is undoubtedly the biggest threat to have ever been shown in any Marvel movie, MCU or otherwise. Unlike the comics where he's just simping behind Death to show how many people he can kill, this time he actually has a motivation. And that motivation is so powerful he is even ready to sacrifice his own daughter for it. He has fought for many years to find the Infinity Stones, and there is no way that he will sacrifice his lifetime work over morals or ethics. Concepts like humanity, empathy, conscience don't hold him back anymore, as he was brought up by the Eternals and in spite of being treated as one of them, he chose to part ways. Mortals don't matter to him anymore. His ambition does.

Every scene from this movie is shot very well. The story, the colour palette, the choreography, the costumes, the score, everything is absolutely perfect. The only part I had a problem with earlier was when Starlord learnt about Thanos having killed Gamora and then he punches Thanos till he wakes up and is stopped. But later on I realised that Starlord has always been an emotional crybaby, and this kind of a behaviour is absolutely suited on him. He cannot be expected to think rationally, considering his track record in both the previous Guardians of the Galaxy movies.

And finally in the end when Thanos snapped his finger, half the universe was gone. Even though we did know that they are all going to come back, the emotions that were conveyed by the characters clearly gave signs that something bad will surely happen in the end. I won't be getting into the spoilers because I want to keep this review spoiler free. So if you haven't seen it yet, don't just see who all disappear. Notice how they react when they disappear.

Avengers: Infinity War is the kind of the Avengers movie I always wanted to see. I really don't like how The Avengers and Age of Ultron have aged so terribly (just like Joss Whedon's credibility lol) because of how campy they look by today's standards. Sure they did hold their legacy back then, but Infinity War will hold it for decades. It's the best MCU movie of all time.
A truly hype culmination of a lot of buildup. Thanos stands out as a very strong and memorable character. The good guys are also handled incredibly well considering the amount of characters and that most of them have very limited screen time. This movie proves the value of super long-term storytelling which is almost unprecedented in the movie media up till this point.
As one of the best superhero movies out there, Infinity War makes for a thrilling first half to the MCU's concluding chapter.
Bro please just give me more marvel all over my mouth
Finally! After binging the previous 18, I've reached what are indisputably the best of the Avengers movies.

And why are these last Avengers movies so great? Because they took the time to build the characters and worlds they inhabit over 10 years and 18 … freaking … movies.

The first Avengers movie impressed me mostly because of the fantastic job Joss Whedon (🤮 ) did in bringing six larger than life characters together with the requisite tension and witty dialogue, while delivering non-stop action.

What the Russo brothers were able to achieve in Infinity War is frankly astounding. They did what the first Avengers movie did but with 21 of the main heroes which includes Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, Black Widow, Hulk, Vision, Scarlet Witch, War Machine, Falcon, Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Groot, Gamora, Drax, Mantis, Nebula, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Winter Soldier, Black Panther, and Nick Fury.

This doesn't include the excellent supporting characters of Wong, Heimdall, Okoye, Shuri, M'Baku, Eitiri, and Maria Hill.

Every scene that brings these characters together, especially those that haven't met each other before (Iron Man and Doctor Strange, Thor and Star Lord, etc.), or those that haven't seen each other in a while (Captain America and Winter Soldier), gave me goosebumps. All the personalities from their respective films are the same (Drax is still hilarious: "Die blanket of death!" after getting smothered by Doctor Strange's cape).

Thanos is probably the best villain in the MCU, toppling Loki. Josh Brolin does a great job making him a brutal and mildly sympathetic villain.

And the number of locations they bring us to in all of its (4K HDR) glory is just insane: Earth (New York, Wakanda, etc.), Knowhere (Reality Stone), Vormir (Soul Stone), Zen-Whobiri (Gamora's home planet), Titan (Thanos' home planet), and Nidavellir (dwarven "smith" planet).

100% of the credit can't be given to the Russo's. The writing, producing, special effects, and frankly all the teams involved deserve huge kudos.

The finale is essentially the last hour of the film. While it helps to have a $350-$400 million budget, it takes a perfect storm of all these teams working to pull it off. Multi-location action and drama.

And the bitter ending after the snap. What really got to me here was T'Challa/Black Panther reaching out to Okoye and says "This is no place to die" then turns to dust. With Chadwick Boseman's passing that scene is just too real.

Just wow.
this movie is more entertaining than other marvel movies
I loved the alien fight
displays the true power of Thanos amazingly, and if you haven't seen it, you have to right now. A really climactic and awesome movie that has you on the edge of your seats the whole time
This movie was great. but the movie had a very depressing ending
Prime example of a studio doing fan service for 2-3 hours
Thanos is what saved this movie for me he was very well written and well acted by Josh Brolin. But the rest of the characters were just meh. some scenes were so dumb that hurt the movie from getting 4 stars from me for example there is a scene where Thor and Captain America are in the middle of a huge battle and they stop to talk about hairstyles and to introduce Captain America to Groot scenes like these are so silly in these kinds of movies that clearly want me to take it seriously. The scenes with Thanos  and probably the ending is what makes this movie worth watching.
By far the best marvel movie. There is no way they can do better then this, this comic book movie is insane and fits the MCU so well. The pacing is perfect, the moments are emotional, the scale is superb! I can't see marvel doing better then this ever again!
Um filme muito mas muito bom, recomendo demais! principalmente quem já é fã da saga, o filme até me fezs chorar, ficar animado e me hypar demais!
I am a fan of everything that happened in this movie, except the fact that they benched the Hulk character. The Hulk should have played a larger role in this movie.
A soul for a soul ..
Seeing all these different characters from 18 other movies come together in such a seamless way. The battles are big and spectacular, the characters all get the screen time they deserve. It makes me laugh every time I watch it. Thanos is of course spectacular. It's everything you could possibly want, and because of that it's one of the best MCU films.
Absolutely perfect. Except hulk being scared or something and never being explained. My favorite avengers movie.
A truly amazing film this left many including myself processing the events that had just occured. From the stunning visuals to the main big bad I feel as though I may have deja Vu of this storyline from somewhere. Oh that's right the original JL storyline that wasn't hacked by Joss Whedon and Warner Bros. Flaws do exist such as the unnecessary light moments in a film that should have be taking itself seriously. Kudos to Disney for allowing Marvel to have full creative freedom in achieving this Cinematic masterpiece.
It is definitely the magnificent and definitive work of any superhero comics adaptation that has a great cast well managed, has the right balance of philosophy and blockbuster to captivate any viewer and at the same time reach the hearts of true comic fans.
I loved this movie everyone should watch it
Only 85%? Avengers: Infinity War deserves better as it's an epic superhero movie and epic movie in general. The stakes are high, all the characters are here, the action is incredible, but what makes this movie so great is Thanos. This movie is as perfect as it can be.
It has one of the best villains in superhero cinema, many emotional moments and excellent action.
Avengers: Infinity War offered an epic, action-packed film to it's fan with such a huge ensemble cast, something very hard to do but it worked here. CGI, Acting, Writing, Pacing, almost everything on point and they executed to the hype this movie had. Must see and a great movie.
Thanos is truly the star of this movie and that's what makes it great!  My favorite of the Avengers movies.
He was destined to go that path, and winning was his destiny. I am inevitable!
Más de lo mismo 
La fórmula Marvel llena de chistes peores uno que el anterior
ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES ON EARTH!
yo esperaba otra cosa,a  mi no me gusto tanto 5/10
First movie to make me root for the villain, that's how good it is.
marvel got better, when they ignore fluff and kiddy stuff.
Pelicula de humor mas que de super heroes , entretiene y es la mejor de la trilogia , pero despues de ver a zack snyder justice league , merece bajar sus estrellas
As a DC fan , I felt the film more interesting and Engaging , to be honest this is the best Movie ever made by Marvel despite sequal Endgame being Bored except the last 30 mins  , while this amazed everyone
Great movie moved the story good pacing always kept interested
A masterpiece, with a great storyline, the villain is well developed, I enjoyed every minute.
Best Movie in history
Greatest superhero team up ever made. People need to give it more credit than they do!
The story isn't great but the special effects are amazing. Should've had more Black Panther since the finale battle is in Wakanda.
It was epic! Every time I'm feeling like hating marvel I come to watch this and it brings me back to wanting to see more of this, this movie absolutely delivered a full look at how it would be for the avengers to lose and the villain was great!
One of the best cb movies of all time
This movie is just non-stop action, and it's really great! It all looks really good, and every character they included really feel like they contribute to the overall plot.
serio esse filme e absolutamente incrivel super recomento a historia o enredo os efeitos a acao os poderes e tudo muito loko
Greatest Superhero movie ever!!! But alas the next movie (End game- which was also a good movie) couldn't properly keep the pace.
The only thing that this movie achieves is making all the former plots of each superhero completely insignificant compared to the main Thanos plot. The later plot being highly idiotic and with fairly poor and nonsensical motivations.
The best comic book movie ever made next to spider man 2. 10/10
Not just one of the best comic book movies of all time, but one of the best overall, it does great Justice to MOST of its characters with great moments, Entrances, Development and a shocking ending that will leave you wanting more but also wanting a better continuation for it.
Simplemente Marvel😍
A very action packed Marvel film is second to Endgame in my opinion. The huge emotional punch leaves the viewer fuming and even sorry for these characters.
piece of garbage which makes no sense at all
Absolutely awesome movie. Doesn’t have the ending you’d expect, but the acting and plot is outstanding. Definitely would recommend to someone.
It's not bad... 🍏 (Fresh)
2.5/5 ⭐⭐✰✰✰ 
One of the normal comic book movies ever made!
I liked the story of Thanos
Really good.  I like the characters the plots and the fight scenes but there is one thing that bothers me and that is that they try to shove so many characters in one movie.  I am not even kidding there are over 70 characters.  It was still really good despite that though and I would recommend you watch it
Bastante buena!! Recomenda para ver una y otra vez
Avengers infinity war is a shocking, exciting and a fun film overall. Marvel provides an action packed film with some comedy at the right times. This film really leaves you in shock and ready for the next film. Overall excellents from marvel from all around!
You HAVE to watch the movie its amazing
I saw Infinity War about 5 times in the theatres and it got better every time.

One of the greatest films of the past decade.

Seeing the Avengers and Guardians come together to fight off Thanos was so satisfying.

The Russo brothers killed it and created an exciting and visually stunning movie.
One of the best movies of the century. Some sloppy pacing at times throughout the movie, with some rushed scene CGI, but the story and acting are top notch. Marvel fan or not, Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame are must see!
This is the best avengers movie. Thanos is so good and his fight with doc strange is incredible. Really loved the ending it was bold.
I cried more than I thought I would.
The action never skips a beat in this movie. Top this off with an excellent cast and jaw-dropping visuals and you've got a stellar addition to this wonderful franchise. It's easy for someone to get lost amidst the story but it's good fun nonetheless.
One of my top 5 MCU movies! This is an amazing Avengers movie! I have watched this movie so many times. I can't get enough!
Best avenger movie yet but NOT a big deal!
Esse filme é muito massa
Good movie, as first part of the end of this fase
A movie that was 10 years in its set up and development, is the culmination of the 20 odd Marvel Cinematic Universe previous films.The interwoven story lines of our previously established super hero's adventures along with the main theme of Universal death and destruction that the story is centred upon take us on an epic action packed adventure. It amazingly reaches its end in two locations,  one epic battle on earth and another more important battle on an alien planet , both of which fail with epic conclusion. This is by far the best Avengers film to date and is action packed throughout. Some lighter moments are provided by the regular returning super hero cast but in the main it is a dark , high tension, edge of the seat,  SCI FI epic.
Extremely good film. I love the cliffhanger at the end and it just has a great plot and story line and characters and there is almost everything to love about it.
This movie expertly balances the massive cast of characters with stunning action and a properly developed villain.
The greatest sequel in the PG-13 era!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
It only worth to be watched once and after the theme park ride has been spoilt in the first watch, nothing is there to be experienced during repeat view again.
I LOVE THIS MOVIE I can watch it over and over. It's so awesome and filled with action. It is better than anything ever. It is so well paced all the characters seem to fit in somewhere in the story. Especially the three main Bois.
This movie is done right. Every character is respected. Every scene matters, is good, and moves the plot along in a logic manner. This is why movies were created. For this.
Infinity War excellently crosses over the heroes of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Infinity War is a huge pay off to what the Infinity Saga has been building towards. Infinity War features a great cast of heroes, and Thanks who was perfectly casted. The Avengers movie also has a great cliffhanger!
O 2º melhor filme da Marvel
It was the best movie I have ever watched!!!
The movie is awesome! Need more marvel movies
Probablemente la película más redonda e impactante que he visto, es una película única, una de las mejores películas de superhéroes, el final deja a todos con una sensación de vacío emocional Increíble, una película insuperable, y que hizo algo que nunca nadie pensó que podría suceder en películas de Superhéroes, sin lugar a dudas es única
"Avengers: Infinity War" is an entertaining, emotional and thrilling movie with great acting, a deep story and a large scale.
This film is world's best superhero movie it's full of action and incredible scenes like thor got new weopen and an eye from rocket. It truly and must watch movie. I have watched it 4 time and I will watch one more time it's film it's full of thrill. I guarantee it would worth your time and money
A nearly spotless and refined masterpiece; Infinity War was that one movie which brought the entire work of a decade into a single ensemble. Seeing various characters interact each other for the first time brought entire audiences to the top of their voices. Various scenes and soundtracks successfully made shivers down the spine, not to mention the shocking turn of events nearing the finale. Overall, this is an MCU movie at its finest.
Best Marvel movie ever made in my opinion. Action was fantastic the villain was in my opinion the best supervillain ever put on screen. The jokes were all funny and for me none of them fell flat. Pacing was great and story was simple but great. My only issue with this movie is there was a lot of bad human decisions made that led to Thanos's victory but I don't think it really compromises the movie that much as it is Thanos's movie.  Other than that this movie is near perfect.
This movie is overrated, I think.
above average superhero film
Esse filme é um sonho realizado para qualquer fã de quadrinhos de super-herois ou mesmo para os fãs do cinema de super-herois. Daria mais estrelas se possivel fosse.
It has some stupid setups, That's it.
Avengers: Infinity War is the best entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe by far, it somehow manages to balance out having a million different characters and gives each character their own story. The best parts of this movie are the visuals, the score by Alan Silvestri and the standout performance by Josh Brolin as Thanos: The Mad Titan. There's nothing bad I can say about Infinity War, it is an amazingly crafted movie written, directed and acted by passionate people who truly care about what they are making.
A nearly perfect movie, and one of the most quotable movies of all time along with Clue and a relatively small number of other movies.
As a big fan of the MCU, this film was worth the wait. It establishes it's speed and energy and stays there. Seeing all these characters come together is a dream come true, and is a thrill ride from the start all the way to the credits.
This film was great! The film is a film the whole family can watch together. The film takes a darker turn on the mostly family friendly superhero genre and the film must be applauded for doing so. Some of the scenes of have that get together and feel powerful together moment with the avengers theme pounding in the background. That what makes the avengers movies so great in the first place. Great film!
Sad for Ironman n Black panther
This movie can sometimes be too clustered with such an expanded cast, but it keeps me intrigued from minute 1.  Thanos can at some points make you feel sympathy for him, even as he's trying to commit a mass murder.  The action is fantastic, and the dynamic between Iron Man & Dr. Strange is greatly appreciated.  Great lead up to Endgame.  Underrated by critics in my opinion.
This is exactly the sorta thing I want from an Avengers film! Full blown, no punches pulled action. In that regard, it's an outstanding watch!

Despite knowing practically little about the MCU up until a few weeks ago, I still knew this was a film that was going to see - so to speak - excrement hit the fan... and boy did it! It's a great ride.

Like 'Captain America: Civil War' did, 'Avengers: Infinity War' does an incredible job at juggling the gargantuan number of characters. It's ridiculous, but totally awesome, how many faces we see appear again. I thought they got the screen time for all, more or less, down to a T. Not an easy job, that.

Speaking of the cast, it's Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth and Josh Brolin who stand out most in my memory. Them three are excellent, especially the latter. Away from those lot, it's very cool to see all the other worlds - including from 'Doctor Strange' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy' - come together into one film. As for new additions, there aren't many - Peter Dinklage being the pick.

There are many references that I had already become aware of just via the internet, so it was quite amusing seeing them all unfold here and there. The effects looked great to me, as they have basically all the way up until this point of the MCU. The comedy is good again, also.

Needless to say, I can't wait to see 'Avengers: Endgame'!
Best MCU movie so far.
A rollercoaster ride from beginning to end. Action-packed filled with emotion!
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR masterfully blends characters from 10 franchises into Part I of the 2 film finale to Marvel Studios' Infinity Saga
Review: Filled with breathtaking action scenes, colourful but also grounded characters and a surprisingly tight plot, 
Infinty War is undoubtedly one of the best MCU films. The film has the most varied set of locations I've ever seen in a film (We go from gothic spaceship to New York City to colourful spaceship to African paradise to mythic sun to barren wasteland) and the quick pacing makes the film very rewatchable. The huge, planet shattering finale is a true eye popper, and Josh Brolin as Thanos is defiantly the best Marvel Villian. Tom Holland as Spider Man and.Chris Hemsworth as Thor are always great, and the Dark tone is matched by a truckload of mostly funny jokes (there's a few misses). The runtime is justified, and the film serves as a guide to how massive cast films should be made. | Rating: A
When it comes to tying a story together, marvel does it best. Stand alone movie very very good, but it's even better if you take the time to have watched all the movies leading up to this film.
Replay value: High, purchase because you will re watch this film again
This is a long movie but a movie that has been done right! The plot never loses track and is an easy watch!
This movie is soo amazing. I really loved the suspense at the end
All ideas, concepts etc are executed wonderfully and the movie nails the cliffhanger ending.
This is what I think of in terms of absolutely perfect superhero films. Avengers: Infinity War steps up the drama, action, comedy, characters, and special effects from the already impressive lineup of Marvel Studios films that came before.
I genuinely don't believe we'll ever get a more epic and cohesive cinematic universe than the MCU. It took Marvel over a decade to establish all the characters and set everything up. Infinity War and Endgame are the culmination of over a decade's worth of careful cinematic planning. The sheer scale of it... The nostalgia, too, because we grew up watching these movies. We've been watching these characters on our screens for years. We've seen them grow and develop. I honestly think we will never get a series of interconnected movies like this in our lifetime. Who could even do it? DC tried and it didn't really work out. They were behind and they rushed it. They have a couple of good movies, but not like Marvel. And there's also the superhero fatigue to keep in mind. Maybe Disney could do this with Star Wars. There are also the X-Men movies. But I digress... 

I've seen the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe multiple times. I love all of the movies. They're very good as a standalone. But they're even better when you take into account the shared universe element. I genuinely believe Avengers: Endgame is peak superhero genre. It's the apex. We will never get a more epic superhero movie than that in our lifetimes. Maybe Marvel will hard-reboot everything in like 50 years, who knows... This has been an incredible journey. And I know Marvel will keep making movies, but I think it can only go downhill from Endgame. I don't believe they can outdo the Infinity Stones and Thanos storyline and everything before that lead to it.
Both Avengers: Infinity War and Endgame both prove that not all movies, TV shows nor books have a happy ending. I hope Marvel keeps up the great work!
This one was a let down for me.  It didn't include the entire core of the Avengers and was more of a Thanos movie than an Avengers movie.  Left the theater disappointed and even a bit depressed.  Acting was very good, but I was expecting a lot more from this movie.
Exactly what you expect it to be.
This movie is absolutely incredible!
filme maneiro foda epico demais açao historia
Emotional and action pack, thanks to the great build up and banta between each character, This is also supported by a captivating performance by josh Brolin, he converts into a Villain with motives and objective that needs to be done in his eyes. While leads to having a Villian u can sympathises for and gives a greater understanding of both sides.
Speechless for Disney, the 3rd part of the Avengers saga is impeccably well produced to the smallest detail, truly a masterpiece.
I wore a diaper so I wouldn't miss anything ( not really...or did I?)
A lot of loop holes, too much funny stuff, it's kind of good entertainment
Not a bad movie but not that great either. Still worth watching.
Avengers: Infinity War is probably the most bold and groundbreaking MCU feature of all time. It's is incredibly fast paced, action packed, exciting, and zany fun. 2 Hrs and 30 Mins of amazement! This is one of the best movies of all time, hands down!!
The movie suffers all the same problems of endgame (not much character development and skipping over interesting character moments.) , but it is more entertaining, plus it doesn't need to have much character development because of the 10 years of movies before it, and it somehow balances like 40 characters, pretty good.
Good god this movie is the best. Everyone ('cept Fury, Ant-Man, Hawkeye and Captain Marvel) is in it, and you would think that the Russo Brothers wouldn't be able to handle 60+ characters, and yet they do! It is a cinematic experience.
Scarlett Johansson and Ashley Olsen look very good in the movie, unfortunately the rest of the flick is an expensive, boastful, illogical and overly imaginative slaughter. I feel better entertained with an episode from Breaking Bad.
A great movie that properly introduces us to the biggest MCU threat that has been rumoured from the very start, Thanos.
Alright marvel you put my self away
A decent movie at the beginning that becomes really good in the last 20 minutes.
All in all entertaining but you really have to see a lot of movies before for this to make sense.
Huge twists that I did not expect, this was a great visual "Marvel" and it was very epic to watch, and had so much action.
(SPOILER ALERT!) I love this movie because of it's suspenseful ending and it's 1 year wait to see its true ending. But what this movie lacks is that they are all in separate teams because if the  Avengers were together before Infinity War and before or after Civil War, they couldn't've defeated Thanos. Also, why did Thor go for the arm if he is so powerful?
my favourite movie of all time. I love to see all these awesome characters team up to take on a great villain. it contains some hilarious moments, some of the best action I've ever seen and one of the best cliff-hangers in all of TV.
Infinity War marks a new level of storytelling maturation for the MCU. It has gone beyond the laughs and even beyond the ideas. What is does now is strip the armour and produce the tears. The Part 1 of the epic conclusion of characters we live for and love gives us an emotional climax to what might be one of the greatest achievements in comic book film history.
It was just OK. Not a great movie, and CERTAINLY NOT WORTH A 90%
An amazing movie with an unexpected ending
The only detractors are so slight that 99% of human beings wouldn't even notice. My only biff is the slight taste of cheesiness, but aside from that, some of the best acting in the world, killer fight scenes and epic plotlines stand out the most
Obviously gut wrenching and terrific...I'm glad to have seen it once in a life
The Russo Brothers made an excellent job in this movie. There are no moments where you feel bored or tired. They made an excellent job by handling the times of the characters. Definitely a must-see.
El mejor evento cinematográfico
The previews looked a lot better than the actual movie. There are some good parts, but not enough for me to give it a 4 star rating.
Another amazing,exciting build up..Avengers Infinty War tops the most action packed comic book film to date..
O FILME E BEM BOM VARIAS CENAS BOAS DE AÇAO TEM A JONADA DO VILAO 
E ENTRA NO TOP 5 MELHORES FILMES DA MARVEL
A spectacle of a movie with good thrills but not much depth
Guerra infinita e bom tem lutas empolgantes um bom vilão e um final inesperado que funciona
Só uma palavra, Perfeição
This is my 2nd if not 1st favorite mcu movie. It is a crossover event of all the past movies, and makes me excited for x-men in the mcu even more. WHY DOES THIS NOT HAVE A 100% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!
its one of those movies where its only good the first  time that you see it
