Awesome movie I love it 👍👍👍👍👍👍
Movie has some good moments, it has issues but not a bad movie.
vine boom. 
this movie was a very big vine boom
You can watch the movie for Paul Rudd, Everything else in the movie is just garbage.
Ant-Man 3 is a complete departure from the tone of the first two Ant-Man movies. Aside from an opening montage it lacks any real charm or humor. Every quantum scene feels desperate to cram as much as possible into each frame. For the most part it's a franchise-killing mess.
I liked the 2 previous movies. But this,this pile of CRAP! Damn son, it stinks!! Bad plot, bad CGI, bad (some) acting & bad script. There is more but you get the picture. Who thought this was a good idea!?!
ANT-MAN AND THE WASP: QUANTUMANIA … trying to imagine a Marvel novice, “one ticket please,” then getting two hours of variant and multiverse talk. Jonathan Majors is great as Kang and for a good portion of the movie Michelle Pfeiffer is the main character, which is awesome
Boring, the multiverse it sucks and now that kang is out, this movie is totally useless
Embora o roteiro decepcione um pouco, é notável o brilho que Michelle Pfeiffer tem no filme. Ela está fabulosa.
Just... not very good. It's barely bearable as a time passer; Generic, and un-nutritional.
A headache of a movie, from dizzying scenery to a hard to follow plot. Kang the Conqueror seemed like an odd fit of a role. Among other things, this movie seemed to smush what could be an entire sequel film into a 10 minute disappointment of a "battle" near the end. Would be a must-see, but is easily ignorable ever since the Avengers: The Kang Dynasty was scrapped for Avengers: Doomsday.
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania has a busy plot, terrible visuals, and a forgettable supporting cast.
How Ant-Man went from one of Marvel's best series to one of Marvel's worst is beyond me.
The Movie Is Taking From Insect Dimension!!
Probably The Dimension Insect Movie!
I can't finish watching this movie. Tried several times and always bored and gave up watching. How come the audience score that high??
Jonathan majors and paul rudd are the only 2 enjoyable things in this film and even they were wasted
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a at times funny and cool movie to experience. THE GOOD This movie is packed full of jokes that will make you laugh. The action in this movie is no doubt good. The third act is by far the best part of the movie, it is a good ending and leaves you thinking. M.O.D.O.K is a cool but unnecessary addition, his reveal is sweet. THE MIXED The first act of this movie is flown by and it’s hard to keep up and even though this is easy to understand they make it so unnecessarily complicated and convoluted that you end up asking yourself what just happened? THE BAD The pace of this movie is all over the place, for 30 minutes it could be slow then the next 10 minutes it’s so fast you have no idea what’s going on. The plot of this movie is not good, the whole way they get into the quantum realm is by slamming her hand on a machine that she made in 20 minutes with no context? Wow. Kang is built up the whole movie as some big powerful indestructible figure than they just throw some ants on him. Modok is very weak.
was not great but I I didn't hate it. One thing I do see a LOT in Marvel movies the villains are all powerful guys in a ugly purple outfit.
A film that was suppose to kick off Phase 5 with a bang, but did the exact opposite. A complete mess with painfully generic dialogue, terrible visuals and a dull and convoluted story.
Jonathan Majors is nothing short of a revelation in his portrayal of Kang the Conqueror. From his first appearance in Loki to his more recent roles, Majors brings an intensity and complexity to Kang that has absolutely captivated audiences. His performance is magnetic, commanding every scene he’s in with such gravitas that it’s impossible to look away. He doesn’t just play a villain—he embodies one in a way that feels fresh and terrifying. Kang’s presence is immediate, and Majors infuses the character with a unique blend of charm, menace, and deep emotional layers that make him so much more than a typical antagonist.

In Loki, Majors truly shone as He Who Remains, setting the stage for what we now know will be a multi-faceted and endlessly intriguing arc for Kang across the MCU. He was the secret weapon that elevated the series from a good show to a phenomenal one. His performance wasn’t just the highlight of Loki—it was the heartbeat of the entire series, transforming a time-bending narrative into something far more profound. Majors’ portrayal made the stakes feel higher and the stakes more personal, expertly crafting a villain who was both intimidating and oddly sympathetic. His delivery of every line felt like a masterclass in building tension, adding layers to what could’ve easily been a one-note role.

Looking ahead, I can’t wait to see where Kang’s story goes. The potential for Majors’ character to evolve is limitless—his arc will likely be one of the most thrilling aspects of the MCU moving forward. The way Kang’s different versions will interact, battle, and evolve over time is endlessly exciting, and Majors is the perfect actor to guide us through it. He’s shown that he can play Kang as both a mastermind and a tragic figure, and as the MCU progresses, we’re sure to witness him delve even deeper into the complexities of this character.

Jonathan Majors’ portrayal of Kang is already one of the most compelling and essential performances in the MCU. His skillful, nuanced take on the character has made him a key player in the future of the MCU, and his journey promises to be nothing short of extraordinary. If there’s one thing we can be sure of, it’s that Majors’ Kang will be the anchor of countless thrilling stories in the Marvel universe for years to come. Jonathan Majors’ performance in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is nothing short of outstanding. As Kang the Conqueror, he brings an intense, multifaceted energy to the role, balancing ruthless power with deep emotional complexity. Majors commands every scene, making Kang a chilling yet fascinating presence. His performance elevates the entire film, and without a doubt, he’s the driving force behind its success.

Majors proves he’s not just a villain, but a character with layers, and his portrayal sets the stage for an epic, evolving arc in the MCU. If Quantumania is any indication, Kang’s future in the MCU will be unforgettable, and Majors is the key reason why.
I don’t understand why this one gets so much hate. It was a little boring but not a terrible movie
Needed more majors. Good movie.
Confusing when it wasn't boring. Quantumannia is hardly watchable even for huge fans of the MCU.
Worst mcu movie ever.
This is offensive to mcu fans , antman fans , comic fans. A CGI corporate slop made for 10 year olds
Kang is all talk no action, he says the same stuff he who remains said in Loki.
The post credit scene feels like fancy dress competition. 
Cassie who was an adorable little girl in the last two movies , now has grown into a rebel who makes fun of her dad even tho he saved the half of the world.
Absolutely destroys all the characters in the movie.
Kang amd scott's final battle is hand to hand combat even tho both have powerful suits.
Modok is ruined as expected.
The movie pains my eyes, it's terrible to look at , everything's purple, this movie is a crime against superhero fans

DO NOT WATCH THIS
This movie has some really great messaging, really reminds you of what makes a hero isn't who has powers, but who steps in when they don't have to. It's silly, fun, and intense at times, with the introduction of Kang this movie is stacked with great performances. Don't let the haters talk you out of enjoying this movie, it has a lot of heart.
A silly and stupid script combine with a wasteful misuse of Kang, Quantumania suffers as a massive misfire. And then there’s MODOK which is perhaps the worst Marvel character. But at its heart is the suggestion that a low-level criminal in a shrinking suit can somehow match up against a time-traveling maniac as deadly as Thanos. It was a harbinger that the MCU had taken a creative decline, sadly proven true.
Unbearably cringe. Couldn't be bothered to finish watching it. Not only was it cringe, it was just boring and lazy writing.
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a fun and enjoyable movie with a lot of mistakes.

The concept is great and the story is intriguing in the beginning. But later it starts to mess with the multiverse concept and the more they go into it, the less sense it makes. The characters are good and sweet. Ant-Man is still one of my favourite characters in the MCU and his family is also adorable. I loved Cassie, it was great to see her as a teenager. On the other hand I dislike the villains very much. Kang's actions don't make sense. MODOK is also ridiculous. I didn't enjoy his involvement in the movie even though he is very important to the whole story.

The cinematography is very mid, while the production design is good. The design for the creatures and the world is amazing, but the execution is extremely poor. I think I haven't seen such terrible looking visual effects in an MCU movie before. The cast is great, I loved Kathryn Newton as Cassie. The acting performances are great, Paul Rudd is awesome. He is just a nice, charming guy in this role.

Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is enjoyable, but its cinematography is bad and the visual effects are terrible.
This has to be the best Ant-Man movie I ever saw! Kang is a great antagonist!
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, upon my initial viewing, had the potential to be a surprising and thrilling standout and an overall MCU fun factor from its somewhat lackluster franchise. However, my second viewing revealed that the script and storytelling were so out of place, nonsensical, and a significant disappointment, especially considering the grand build-up of Kang the Conqueror as the main villain for the Multiverse Saga which sadly made his intimidating climax feel ultimately clowned.

Grading: D+
Os primeiros minutos desse filme são bons esse tem , você percebe que tudo inclusive as piadas tem a vibe de um filme do homem Formiga mas o filme ele tem uma história confusa, um 3D/CGI bem mais ou menos , o local que se passa o filme (Reino Quântico) o potencial dele e desperdiçado , o vilão(que tem um ótimo uniforme) e derrotado de uma forma ridícula, o CGI do M.O.D.O.K e péssimo. só o que salva esse filme sãos os personagens que tem carisma 
Esse Filme eu não assisto, só se me pagasse 
(Desculpa pelos erros de escrita)
Poorly conceived, attempts at humor were juvenile or just unfunny and some of the plot decisions were mind-blowingly illogical. Just a mess from top to bottom. Only the special effects were tolerable.
A surprisingly fun and entertaining movie with creative visuals and an amazing performance from Jonathon Majors as Kang the Conqueror. I have issues with the overabundance of nonsensical CGI, hit-or-miss comedy, and tone-deaf elements in the narrative. But these flaws don’t ruin the movie and are overshadowed by the film’s strengths.
Lo mejor es Kang, y lo peor es kang.
i mean sure wouldn’t watch again
Quantumania is not a horrible movie, I think it is actually pretty underrated. However, it is not exactly the most amazing movie in the world. Some visual aspects were really good and Kang made for a very cool, intimidating villain. But characters like MODOK, Cassie, and whoever Bill Murray was supposed to be, fell flat and seemed very one-dimensional. The entire movie felt like it was supposed to be a grand spectacle, but trapped within the mediocrity of playing it safe, and it shouldn’t have been like that. This should have been the Marvel movie to broaden horizons and bring a brand new perspective to this universe they have built, but it was only plain with no spice. That did not stop me from enjoying it, however.
E legal o filme mais não bom
The story is bigger than the previous film and was chosen as the start of Phase 5, but compared to the previous two films,
it lacks the Ant-Man feel we've had up until now.
The little jokes that only Ant-Man can make and interesting companions like Lewis were great, but they surprisingly don't appear.
The CG is also too sloppy.
The backgrounds are great, but the people just stand out.
Khan's visuals were good, but why did they defeat him in one film?
For a Saga villain second only to Thanos, this is disappointing.
I thought it was good I thought they were gonna kill off Ant-Man
This movie seemed like filler, only made to lead up to other better movies. If you're not a die hard Marvel fan you're not gonna like the green screen and cheap CGI.
awesome movie top 3 villians of marvel universe!
Not bad. I loved Kang. Ant-man and Wasp were good. Some parts were too much. for example, i did not like Darren coming back. I would give it a 60%
Fuck
I liked it. but would've liked to see more in the next one
Watching this movie was like trying to kill a colony of ants, a complete waste of time.


Most of the actors are phoning it in, there's no engaging plot, themes or character arcs to engage with despite the potential being there, and for a movie with this high a budget has so much cheap CGI that puts Attack of the Clones to shame.


It's also never going to age well, with the whole point of this movie being to set up Kang as the new big villain, is now mute since recent real life events. 

It should remain banished n the quantum realm for the rest of time.
It was okay. Jokes were half and half, mostly low brow. The storytelling and relationship interactions between various characters could have been done better.
The movie has a lot of little problems. Problems that, on their own wouldn't be all that distracting. In a better put together film, most could write them off as "nitpicks". But when the story and characters are not engaging enough, these little problems really add up, and the movie suffers death by 1000 cuts.

The "Quantum Realm" is not that visually interesting. It looks like all the actors filmed their scenes separately on a green screen. The realm itself is just a series of browns and oranges like an old dusty screw. You don't get any sense of size in this movie. When Ant-Man is in the real world he will interact with objects we are familiar with. We know he is big because he is compared to a boat or an airplane. In the Quantum Realm there is no scaling. There is a scene where two characters are supposedly giant, but since they are just the same size as each other, they look like normal people.

Back when Janet was in the Quantum Realm, she helped out Jonathan Majors fix his ship. But then she discovered that he was evil. How did she discover this? For some reason his spaceship is fueled by his mind...so Janet touching the ship made it so she could read his mind. Not very well explained and it doesn't make much sense. Feels like the writers were hoping to come up with an explanation later but just never did. They needed her to find out he was evil, so she just found out, end of story. A big plot point surrounds the idea that Janet doesn't want to tell any of her family about this interaction. Why? The movie tries to imply that she feels guilty or traumatized about it. But I don't buy it, it is just so drama can happen between Hope and Janet, otherwise Hope has nothing to do in this movie.

MODOK is terrifying for all the wrong reasons. Every time he is on screen, I am immediately wanting him to leave. His character arc also makes no sense.

Speaking of things that make no sense, Jonathan Majors' powerset fluctuates wildly depending on what the plot demands. It seems like he should win easily, but then when the third act approaches, suddenly he makes a lot of stupid decisions and is capable of killing everyone except for the main characters.

Cassie is super annoying. She is a self-righteous, entitled know it all that keeps getting vindicated.

I liked Jonathan Majors in the movie. And unlike other Marvel movies, I actually was fine with the comedy in this movie. It was an appropriate level of humor for this character. I enjoyed that the movie does not waste much time in getting the story going. The story begins and ends with a good pace.

Overall, the rules of their world don't add up. Characters seem to change with no believable motivation. Some characters are just annoying. The visuals are unappealing. So yes, a lot of these could have been forgiven but it is all the small things the movie does wrong. Of all people, Ant-Man should know the power of small things.
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania offers plenty of fun and action, but it doesn’t escape some noticeable missteps. The visuals, particularly the quantum realm, are imaginative and captivating, showcasing the film’s creativity. Jonathan Majors as Kang stands out with a menacing and intense portrayal, making him a highlight of the movie. However, some character relationships and story beats felt hurried, leaving certain moments without the emotional weight they could have achieved. For instance, it would have been great to see more meaningful interactions between key characters like Janet and Kang. While the humor and lighthearted tone worked well overall, the pacing was inconsistent, with moments that felt repetitive and a few characters not given the development needed for their arcs to fully resonate. MODOK, in particular, had a jarring design choice that made his scenes feel more awkward than impactful. Despite these drawbacks, the movie delivers enough excitement and charm to entertain, especially for fans of the franchise. It’s not without flaws, but if you’re able to look past them, it’s an enjoyable ride through the quirky and chaotic world of the quantum realm.
When talking about tinfoil, it's tinfoil, it's worse than Borderlands, it's just a collection of scraps of tin attached with 3 second glue. Just a disappointment from the world of disappointments, insanely boring.
Direção: Ruim
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Ruim
Caracterização: Ok
Soundtrack: Ok
This movie was pretty good and very funny but it felt very rushed.
I really liked all the main characters (all though some of the acting could've used work) and I also especially liked Kang, he was a very good and scary villian.  But to me, it felt like things were happening way to quickly with no time to really process what or why that just happened.  I also was hoping for some more character building between Janet and Kang, maybe an emotional scene discussing their friendship.  I also though it was weird in the end how Hope and Scott had a bonding moment even though we didn't get ANY character building between them.  It felt like we got all these amazing and cool character and action moments that we didn't deserve; for example, when Darren came back and attacked Kang, like I knew it was coming but not because they did any character building for Darren, I only knew it was coming because they decided to build his character TWO minutes before he came back.  Things like that kept happening throughout the movie and it felt like we didn't really deserve them.
Also there were like fifty "no hope" moments for the main characters and each time I was like "okay, this has to be the climax", but then something would happen, and then things would get better, and then they would get worse again and again; it was very off putting.
But in all, it was a fun movie, and I would recommend watching it if you don't get hung up on all the small film things like me!
This is not a good movie. Maybe you can make fun of it with friends, but I can't because it only reminds me of the money I wasted paying to see it in theaters, so the joke would be on me.
This was sooo amazing
This was least favorite Marvel movie. It was basically a CG film searching for a story with far too many special effects and zero character development.  I'm glad I didn't spend my money to see it in the theater
This was a damn good MCU movie!  I avoided watching this for a while due to some poor reviews.  My whole family loved it!  My only criticism is the poor CGI choices made for MODOK. His enormous stretched out face looked horribly ridiculous whenever he took off his battle mask. The quantum realm itself looked absolutely fantastic!  Overall great story, well-placed humor, wonderful acting- especially "he who remains" a.k.a "he who shall not be named" (the guy who played Kang).
An overcomplicated, tiring to watch mess of a movie. I shut it off, which I rarely do…
When i saw the movie i was expecting to see a very bad movie like eternals but thats not the case. Sure it has some huge plot holes and the setting for the fight in the end lasts roughly 12 secs but kaang makes the film a lot more fun than the 2nd one
Jonathan Majors gives a commanding performance as Kang the Conqueror and Paul Rudd is charming as always, but “Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania” is so unremarkable and inconsequential for a film that was supposed to be the start of a new era of the MCU.
I don’t know why it’s hated it’s enjoyable it’s not endgame level but it’s good it entertaining enough to spend time watching it.They did defeat Kang in a very dumb way tho
okay they tried and get it's marvel still great
this is the worst film of the trilogy
I liked it also hilarious!!! I was told it wasn't good, still enjoyed it.  It was crazy cause even loki was scared of this dude. Janet withholding the info for so long kinda annoyed me
Bad story, I can it was overwritten to death.
81/100 Its not bad but Jesus couldn't save The Hideous MODOK.
Amazing spectacle. Plot falls a bit flat. But this a is a movie that provides visual eye candy on a unique and interesting level.
Absolutely love how Disney just ruins superhero movies. It’s like they went to a first grader and said please write me a movie
The most boring of all the MCU movies.  It lost all the parts of the first two movies which made it interesting and funny.
It wasn't bad, but with the humor of Marvel and the horrible CGI, it's a no.
This movie is marvel at rock bottom.
Bad.
No Pena, No funny cop, No ex wife or husband. Michelle Pfeiffer and Micheal Douglas pretty much owned 60% of the screen time while Rudd was having some weird daddy daughter issues and the Wasp was just there. The army of ants was the coolest thing and they did not even let Ant-Man control them. I do not think I will pay to see another movie With Ant-Mans in-laws hogging the screen at the theaters. I will wait for it to come out on Disney.
Poor character development, murky visuals, and a forced story do not make this a very good movie. It lacks all of the fun and charm of the original Ant-Man movies, and swaps it out for whatever multiversal mess this was supposed to be. When you cut Luis out of an Ant-Man movie, how good can it be?
Cool visual effects
i am not sure about this movie whether it's a good movie or a bad movie.
the story is good but the plot kinda messy a little bit.
overall i still can enjoy watching ant-man movie.
Family quality time movie. Had seen many actions and some emotional moments. Loved every minute.
Visually perfect. Enjoyed every moment
The movie was a very exciting adventure from start to finish
Paul Rudd is always a delight to watch! Exciting showcase of what Kang can do
Terrible, convoluted writing and choppy editing. The villain was a bad choice due to lack of intimidation or build up, or history. Breaks the world building and too much hate towards the main character.
Bit of a waste of time. Didn't really need to exist.
Wow this was one of the worst movies I’ve ever seen. I’m severely disappointed in Marvel. You think with all this money they’d at least do us the favor of making us a film that is watchable. The writing, plot, effects, and sound wet all incredibly terrible! The corny monologues and cheesy one liners only made a barely palpable scene unbearable. Don’t even get me started in the sound effects. Marvel has been using the same sounds for like 10 years! It’s getting old. I really don’t need to hear a dramatic orchestral crescendo every time a character says some sort of impactful line. The cgi was also, not the worst, but severely underwhelming for the production quality. This whole movie screamed “ We want to be Star Wars!” so bad. Like come on there was literally a worse coruscant and clone troopers. I think there is a direct correlation between how good an Ant Man film is and how much screen time Micheal Peña gets. Really was 2 hours you’ll never get back
This new installment was disappointing, the story was horrible and even putting MODOK is totally unnecessary for this installment. At that point Marvel is ruining their universe.
So, there were some interesting moments and interesting ideas in this movie. But the execution was just awful. The plot was a mangled mess. Can't recommend it.
I’m writing this review after they just announced doom to replace Kang. Tbh I wish I could write more, I’ve gone on different socials to express how I feel, and even have written to marvel about how I feel of it. This movie just sucked. For me I didn’t find it like other ones. The ONLY GOOD thing about this was KANG! I loved kang and I keep asking to myself why put HIM IN AN ANTMAN movie to just get beaten by ants. So dumb when you consider him. After he got arrested they just fired him, but then he got out and he is innocent in pretty sure. TMZ did an interview with him and he said he was “sad” to hear it. Tbh me to cause I WAS SO HYPED FOR “Avenger The Kang Dynasty” but then they just scratched it. I wish they  can still give him a second chance how they did to RDJ. I LOVED KANG and tbh I still want the kang dynasty movie. Might just be me but tbh I would rather prefer it than the doom movie. CAUSE OF HOW MUCH I WAS EXCITED FOR IT. I hope they still do the Kang movie I still have hope.
The mess of a plot is not enough to cover the insane thrills and action throughout this insanity of a Marvel movie.
I watched it one year ago and I have to say that this movie is marvelous. You have to see it!
the amount of people saying this is worse than love and thunder genuinely disturbs me.

it’s a very generic mcu film releasing during a time where people are collectively becoming aware of that mediocrity. this was inevitable, but it’s unfortunate that such a perfectly average entry is taking all the blame. there are definitely worse mcu movies that have much higher praise. we can only hope that they’ll learn from this.
Cómo matan kang el súper villano de marvel de ese modo después de lo propuesto en loki es decepcionante
What a disjointed train wreck. My review score isn't fair however, because though I tried twice, I've never actually watched the entire movie. Keep in mind, I watched the dreadful Eternals and even Wakanda Forever. Quantumania was worse by far. Maybe Paul Rudd having a writing credit was the only glue that kept the other two movies together.
Terrible execution for the next big bad of the MCU only reason why its better than The Marvels is it didn’t put me to sleep
Nada mal para pasarla en grande
Simplesmente horrível,e eu ainda quis comprar o balde de pipoca pensando que o filme iria ser épico por ter o Kang e por ser do homem Formiga(que o primeiro filme é um dos melhores filmes que eu já vi,e o segundo é bom) mas este filme me desepicionou 
Nota:4.5/10
This isn't the worst superhero movie or project. The movie has a bunch of scenes that show the green screen and vfx. The movie is also the 3rd in the Ant-Man franchise. I understand that Ant-Man movies normally tries to set up a tiny bit to the next teamup he is in normally but this is just hard core for the next Avengers. Also they cut out so many characters and stories that were in the first 2 Ant-Man movies with no explanation. I just would not recommend.
I wouldn’t say it was the best but I definitely don’t think it was as bad as people said.
.....................
While not quite the worst of the MCU, it's far from the best. This is the most I've ever personally experienced that "superhero fatigue" that everyone's been talking about, which is a sentiment I've been adamantly against.
Very much enjoyed it
3d visit to the uncanny valley.  Worst Ant-Man movie, almost worst MCU movie (the marvels #1).  1 out of 10, what a waste of Sam Raimi!!
Bad. Boring character. Marvel writing. Terrible jokes and nonsense plot. Too much spectacle and not enough focus on the characters. Things are always hand waved away when they can't explain things. Kang was the only likable character but he's so dumb. Like he created this advanced society that spans as far as we can see to almost lose to a bunch of ppl with sticks. I lost brain cells watching this. The entire movie I was putting my hands in the air going this is so stupid.
Después de mucho la vi en efecto ya sabía que era mal y lo es pero me entretuvo pero si se pasaron con momento muy sin sentido y bueno sin pena ni gloria
My confidence in Marvel is completely gone now 🥲🥲🥲
Probably the worst film in the MCU. The dialogue is so awkward, and the pacing is painfully rushed. It’s not a total bore I suppose, but some things were laughably bad.
Marvel can't always put out hits. The momentum is gone with this film
Te Ant-man movie of my dreams! Since the first Ant-man film, I have been talking about how cool it would be to have a movie set within the quantum realm. While it could have stood to be a bit longer, and the wasp doesn't really earn her spot in the title(it's more Ant-man and Janet Pym: Quantumania), I really dug it. The Cassie changes aren't terribly justified either but, they don't fall flat either. Paul Rudd is charming as ever, and Kang is epic. The scale is huge, and it makes the earnest nature of Scott Lang really shine. It also continues the humour the Ant-,man franchise has become known for. I also just loved how the movie wasn't afraid to get weird at times either. It is proud of it's tone, and so am I.
Genuinely one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The trailers for this movie were so awesome and so well done, although they unsurprisingly spoil everything. The hype was so large for Kang. Marvel had the bases loaded and struck out on 3 straight pitches while losing control of the bat mid-swing on the final pitch and hitting a fan in the head sitting in the 3rd row. 

Jeff Loveness wrote the worst script I've ever seen in a Marvel movie. It was almost like he didn't watch either of the prior 2 Ant-Man movies. Scott Lang doesn't take anything seriously throughout the film. Cassie Lang is basically the main character of the movie and is shockingly obnoxious. I remember looking around in the theater half way through the film absolutely shocked at the ill-timed humor wondering what the hell was going on. Every time they would scratch the surface of a serious topic or begin to explore actual stakes in the film----BOOM INSERT POORLY TIMED JOKE HERE NOW. It made absolutely no sense. I'm shocked Kevin Feige approved this garbage. It's genuinely garbage. 

The only interesting concept was the relationship between Kang and Janet, which was rushed through in basically 5 minutes of screen time. It would've been much more interesting to see an actual romantic relationship between Kang and Janet considering they were both in the Quantum Realm for "30 years." There were so many weird quirks and so many missed opportunities it's insane. Why would everyone say "The Conqueror" the whole movie? Why did nobody call him Kang? 30-45 minutes of screen time would go by and people like genuinely wouldn't say his name. Is he Kang or Voldemort? In addition, why would Kang inexplicably go into tangents about "time" when literally nobody asked? Kang: "Cuz I know how it ends" - Me: Know how what ends? What are you talking about? Kang: "All of it... I know it all." Cool bro! Good for you! Why do I care? What the hell are you talking about?!

Also the massive elephant in the room - How the hell do Janet, Hank, Hope, and everyday humans understand the concept of a "timeline" and what a "timeline" even is? How about the multiverse? The only reason we even understand it is because it was explained to us in Loki. Even Loki, A God, that has traveled the universe to multiople planets didn't believe any of it. And they seemingly do? Normal humans? Really? They just 'get it'? That's absurd. They should be absolutely terrified by the concept of alternate realities, alternate versions of themselves, and the idea that they are facing someone that can control those things. That shouldn't make any sense to them, but it seemingly does for no apparent reason. Also - if Kang says he's going to destroy other universes, I have an honest question: Why should they care? How would they even know about it? How would it even affect them in any way shape or form? This entire concept is a massive plot hole to me that everyday folks would be absolutely freaked out by if they were in this situation. 

Lastly, to the ending, Kang gets whisked away by a bunch of technologically advanced Ants. WHAT? ANTS?! The next Thanos level threat getting his ass kicked by a bunch of Ants? Are you insane? Why would you possibly do that as a plot point in this movie? Then, he miraculously appears again and loses in a fist fight to Ant Man? And we're supposed to believe this guy has killed other Avengers? Yikes dude. Yikes.
Like it's titular hero, Marvel seems to be diminishing in size and strength.
Awful movie.. doesn't make any sense. Modok looked absolutely ridiculous (and yes I read comics).
Did not capture the heart of the Batman character and movies. Big step up in seriousness for bored at times! The villain wasn’t that villainy! I know he is meant to be terrifying but there isn’t as much build up as the baseline equilibrium shifted.
Best bits were the family story e would of like some of the original Batman vibes in there
I really liked the movie , what I didn't like was , that Kang was done poorly. (He defeated many Avengers , but died to Ants) ahhh
In my opinion I love this movie, I love kang as the villain, Paul Rudd and Kathryn Newton were great in this movie, The fact is the cgi we're not good.
It's not the worst thing Marvel has to offer, it's entertaining but that's all. It does not transcend to forge the future of this franchise. Many questionable performances, especially Kathryn Newton, and other performances like Jonathan Majors's a highlight.
Despite the colorful world and little bits of fun moments, this movie really just isn't great. Certain bits of CGI stick out like a sore thumb, even when the world in concept and certain bits of execution is colorful and fun. The main plot and overall comedy in the movie is weak despite what it attempts to set up for the MCU, and things the movie advertised like Bill Murray's appearance and other big spectacles feels messy or underutilized to say the least. I really can't say much positive about the movie other than the bits of fun it can offer throughout with some rare laughs and in-concept other big spectacles executed rather messily. All things considered - it still isn't the worst movie I've ever seen.
The film has some nice settings but has horrible CGI which is especially noticeable on MODOK. The film tends to be quite boring and lays the foundation for the big bad of the multiverse saga whose danger is not perceived.
Characters like Hank, his wife and Wasp are super secondary to the film almost non-existent
The mighty have fallen. The modern-day MCU movie is so unbelievable, pathetic, and unserious that it's genuinely sad. This movie will leave you dumbfounded by how stupid the story is. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a 2-hour CGI mess.
You made a movie titled Quantumania with almost no Quantumania. Not a bad film at all, but what leaves a bad taste in your mouth is the wasted potential of what this could have been.
The CGI was terrible. Lois was not in it😭.
I mean the visuals in this movie are stunning. The color choices for the scenery and the characters mesh so well together that it's almost criminal. We get to see how everything has evolved for Scott (Paul Rudd) and Hope (Evangeline Lilly).
Disappointing is the best way to put it. I really liked the first two Ant-Man movies, but this one just felt different, and lacked the charm of those two. I liked that Michael Douglas and Michelle Pfeiffer got a lot of screen time, but the overall story just seemed like a mess.
Literally everything wrong with the modern Marvel machine in one movie. A movie so focused on furthering the story of the Marvel Universe it forgets the reasons why we liked Scott Lang and friends in the first place. Probably because this first time screenwriter didn't even bother to watch the previous movies to understand even the basics of Scott Lang's supporting cast. Hank Pym and Cassie Lang feel nothing like they did in the previous movies and Hope Van Dyne is barely a footnote in the movie because "The Wasp" in Ant-Man and the Wasp is clearly referring to Janet Van Dyne and not her. But don't worry, it's not just the previous movie's supporting cast that they Marvel forgets the fundamentals for, yet again, Marvel forgets why readers of the comics enjoyed these characters as well with the inclusion and butchering of Modok. But hey, at least Modok has an arc in this film, unlike any of our main protagonists! Also forget everything you knew about the Quantum Realm from the previous films, because it is entirely different in this film. Marvel has decided to turn it into a "Guardians of the Galaxy" rejected planet instead, one with Bill Murray and a bunch of other characters that you will forget about by the time the credits roll. Oh, and I almost forgot the morale of the story! According to Scott Lang himself, the literal morale of the story is "Don't worry about it, it doesn't matter!" Well Scott, if that is the case, then why are you wasting our time with yet another poorly written, over the top to it's own detriment, rushed CGI infested, slop? Maybe Marvel should go back to the drawing board and rediscover what made Phase 1 through 3 great, instead of making more movies like this one. Yikes.
It was an okay movie, but I wanted an Ant-Man movie, not a commercial for Kang's Dynasty.
Forget it. I want to forget about this movie. Reintroduce the Quantum Realm in another movie please. This movie had 0 entertainment level. The acting was good, but it cannot save a poor plot and poor resolution in act 3
Felt a bit for an Ant-Man film.
I know the first couple Ant Man movies had humor too but I swear I feel like Guardians of the Galaxy is turning into a curse on the Marvel movies.  Too many of the movies bringing in big bright and cartoony characters and comedy that feels forced.  But I am an old guy that liked the more serious tone of the pre-Disneyfied days.
A very poor execution of the Multiverse Saga's Idea
Filme mediano! É um filme importante para acompanhar a saga.
É um filme que da pra assistir e se entreter.
A disappointing outing for the MCU that fumbles the Kang character and doesn't do much for the wasp character. The movie is filled with humor that sometimes lands and most of the time doesn't. Paul Rudd is still great as ant man but other than him it also has some stunning visuals and decent enough action. But all in all this film doesn't land well for me.
I loved the design of the creatures and worlds in Quantumania, but that is where my love ends.  The comedy didn't hit for me, which is surprising since they brought in Bill Murray.  The action just wasn't that great.  

Lastly the villains were extremely lackluster.  This was supposed to build Kang into the next big bad and it fails quite miserably.
This film could be shown to new physics students as a hazing torture ritual.
The scenes where Antman grows into a Giant were sooo cool !!!! I hope we get to see him fight Godzilla in a future movie 🍿 🔮🥰💭 !?
The editing and visuals of this movie is majestic and i  bet they put 99% of their movies budget on it don't get me wrong but it doesn't cover the unfunny stuff and cringe this monstrosity and DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THAT HORRFIFYING THING CALLED MODOCK. In summary, the movie's CGI is out of the world and acting skills fine but its cringe and barely has plot. Just a bunch of cringe and weird stuff throughout
Just a mid MCU movie again.  The first Ant man movie is still the better one out of the 3.

There's way too much CGI in this movie, some scenes were just really badly edited and it looked very strange.  I did like the relationship between Scott and Cassie in the beginning, would be been better if we actually got to see more conflict between father and daughter.  

Janet withholding vital information from her family dragged on for waaaaay too long.  

I haven't really been a fan of the multiverse stuff since End game, still so many inconsistancies regarding multiverses, timelines etc.  Movie 6/10 for me.
Amazing movie and even better breaker of imagination and space-time
Mid, forgettable, disappointing. Kang is the only redeeming factor about this film and he is shown amazingly here. But the rest of the film is a silly mess
What the film lacks in originality, novelty, or depth is compensated for by fully immersing the viewer in a captivating new world.
8 years since the first movie and 5 years since the second movie Marvel Studios presents their 31st installment in their roster continuing the adventures of the hero who can shrink After the events of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Scott Lang aka Ant-Man is enjoying his fame and success and couldn’t be happier being with his girlfriend, Hope He’s written a successful book but his daughter Cassie now fully grown up played by Kathryn Newton is acting rebellious since they both lost so much time between his heroing and being snapped for 5 years Cassie wants to contribute to mankind and has even made her own suit being Stinger and created a device to contact the Quantum Realm She, Scott, Hope, Hank Pym, and Janet all get sucked into a sub-atomic universe beneath their own filled with intelligent organisms and the one in charge is a man named Kang played by Jonathan Majors He promises Scott to give him the time he lost with his daughter if he can get Kang what he wants but Janet warns him not to trust Kang, she’s been holding a secret ever since she was trapped in the Quantum Realm for 30 years It's my favorite one out of the three Some of the zippiness is absent but it doesn't skimp on the action and the best reason to see the movie is Jonathan Majors as the villain Kang, he is killing it being the next big threat having a calm demeanor but sounding menacing too Plus given the character’s abilities in the comics he can shape existence and time to his own making The music is much more intense and it's visually stimulating even scenes involving a probability storm almost matching ‘Doctor Strange’ Love Kathryn Newton as older Cassie and it's crazy what they did with the MODOK character tying back to the first film Bill Murray makes a funny cameo too as Krylar They had more of the budget this time around and got creative with the designs of the world and the creatures Sad that Evangeline Lily is in less of this but I’m glad Michelle Pfeiffer has more to do than the previous film This officially starts phase 5 of the MCU with more of the multiverse involved Plus I'm anxious to see what happens later with more properties down the line ‘Quantumania’ is the bigger movie of the three but I think more massive stuff is on the way
Im not a fan of Paul's humor. This movie feels like Marvel's failed attempt to make a star wars movie. The Quantum world is a brilliant idea but feels bland and empty despite countless soulless alien characters inhabiting it. Action is ok. Cgi can be beautiful but also laughable at times. Boring. The only times I was interested is when Kang was on scene.
totaly different andy great concept story also wounderfull
An average film, in general at best, but a below average standard for an MCU film which disappoints on a lot of levels. Outside of Paul Rudd doing his best, the villain is about the only thing that is compelling in this one.
very funny with the ant but the atlantic first king just die so fast ._.
Complete dog sh*t. Terrible.
It's a lower point in the MCU to date but fun enough.
The story line was terrible. The acting was okay but not great. Another M-She-U failure.
Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania has revived Marvel ratings a bit more with the subatomic particles that we have been missing as we really needed more fresh molecules to new storylines.
There's been a lot of hate for this movie, but it's far from the worst of the Marvel movies. While it doesn't recapture the magic of the original Antman, Jonathan Majors does a good job bringing gravitas and threat to the character of Kang. The negatives: it is hard to believe Scott's teenager daughter is some super science genius that produces technology that outstrips anything Tony Stark could do after decades of making the world's most advanced weapons, and the plot in general is far from deep. It's not clear what Kang's powers are and he sometimes seems to forget he has telekenetic powers and instead tries to street fight. Besides that the acting is good, the jokes are mildly amusing, the visuals are good, and the landscapes and characters fairly creative. This won't make everyone's list of the top 10 Marvel movies, and if it was released ten years ago it would probably have been better received. But if you're a fan of Marvel movies, you will probably enjoy it. And then forget about it.
At times, it feels like a Star Wars knock-off. At others, its attempts at lightheartedness land as just embarrassing. But still, some really solid super hero sequences that make it worth the watch.
This movie was unfairly criticized.  I think people were expecting to much.  This is a solid Ant-Man movie.
We thought that we were watching this movie, but we weren't. WE LIKED THE ANTS.
The movie is beautyful and there is no big problem with CGI. The real bad thing about this movie is the story itself and all the spectation around the villian. This movie was supposed to introduce Kang into the MCU movie scenario, but it failed as the character is really bad developed. All this "Quantum World" is worst executed than any "Spy kids" movie (which was pretty weird, by the way). Overall, the movie is fails to develop memorable characters and a well told story.
I had difficulties to stay focused when watching this film. The pacing of the film is off somehow, with very long, oddly placed dialogs. The fighting scenes were not that bad, but sometimes hard to follow.
Some characters were unnecessary, like Krylar, whose only purpose was Bill Murray appearing in the MCU. Kang was awful as a villain, he's just boring. He looks like a boring Rick coming off the citadel of Ricks. That's a huge weak point for the film. Darren was gross most of the time, although he had a few good lines. Besides that, I didn't like all the Star Wars inspired costumes, it didn't fit in the MCU. I think the quantum realm could have been so much more interesting if it was less like just another world similar to ours.
All that said, I did enjoy some parts of the film. Cassie's development and the evolution of the relationship with her dad was compelling. Some characters had interesting designs, like Veb or Xolum. That's also the case for the flying cell-shapes creatures or the living houses.
It's probably my least favorite film from the Multiverse Saga so far.
Excelente película, súper recomendada
La película muy entretenida
a scene in Jönssonligan has better build up than anything Marvel can create
La película es muy buena
Super buena y entretenida para ver en Familia o amigos
Es muy buena película, me ah hecho sentir emoción al ver las escenas wow es sorprendente
a great, very good movie with great actors and the story is the coolest thing
Es una película excepcional, me encantó mucho, no pueden perdérsela, disfrútenla con palomitas!
The more appealing thing about the whole enterprise is the mental image of these former A-listers hanging out between takes, swapping stories of the old days and competing over who least understands the script.
Es una película muy buena la verdad la recomiendo bastante por que atrapa todo tu interés y concentración desde el primer minuto.
Me gusto mucho la película ya que la puede ver cualquier tipo de público y es muy entretenida
Una muy buena película con un carácter de drama admirable, el cual indica que tuvo una muy buena producción y banda sonora excelente
Me parece una película genial, con excelentes efectos visuales, además de que me gusta mucho la historia de la nueva saga del UCM
Excelente pelicula la verdad muy recomendada la verdad me dejó sin palabras
Exelente película para mí concepto
Muy chevere la película asombrosa recomendada
Excelente pelicula, tiene todo para estar concentrado desde el inicio hasta el final.
Me pareció una película excelente me gusto desde el inicio y tiene una trama sorprendente
Aunque todavía me gusta la película en general. Cada película de MCU que ahora se está preparando para la próxima está haciendo que personajes como Ant-Man pierdan parte de su encanto.
Ant-Man and the Wasp ofrece una emocionante combinación de acción vibrante, efectos visuales asombrosos y un toque de humor ingenioso que la convierte en una experiencia cinematográfica muy entretenida.
Excelente película marvel  muy buena entretenida divertida chebre muy recomenda 😃👌
Simplemente una maravilla cinematográfica super recomendado
Muy buena película para ver en familia tienen buenas escenas en lo personal me gustó y la recomiendo un 100% a mis hijos les gusta mucho este tipo de películas.
Es muy buena la película me encanta
This is a very interesting movie. Don't miss it it, that really involved me so munch. I really enjoyed. I recommend this movie.
Muy buena película, la trama es interesante y muy bien escogido el reparto de actores
Me pareció una película increíble, disfrute cada segundo de la película, la recomiendo s todos los que quieran pasar un buen rato.
Excelente película, haciendo honor al mundo Marvel
Es una muy buena película la deben ver
Me pareció una excelente película muy divertida
