Heart Warming goodbye rip king
Black panther was great. Wakanda forever was horrible. I see so many people liked it. I doubt many of them know Prince Namor.  Having a nonathletic actor-and jazzing him up by giving him a teenage goatee and  putting a buch of **it in his face was downright demoralizing. WHY?? So painful to watch one of Marvels toughest characters just to make him look silly in green boxer briefs and getting his ass kicked by B-level Marvel nobodies. Shame on you. Shame on you. This madness must stop.
It's a good movie. That I haven't seen for a long time. What I like about this movie is. That they respected Chadwick Boseman. And didn't replace him. After his death. That they gave his character a funeral.And also that they made Shuri in some way relatable.
Chadwick
The first twenty minutes of the film will make you cry. The last twenty minutes will make you ask, "Why?" An excellent film with an ending that could have been a whole lot better
A long and sometimes gruelling watch. But one that is worth it, due to powerful performances and an emotional tribute to the legendary Chadwick Boseman.
A great film. Princess Shuri Absolutely nailed her role!
This was so good. It was kind of sad tho.
I have to say the first time I watched this movie I thought it was the best movie, the only thing that brought it down to 4 stars is the fact that it is not rewatchable.
Is good but not very good and one character get dumber over the movie
The Mexicans whooped the brothers. Namor is a certified bad ass.
Outstanding all around
One of the best post endgame marvel movies, slow and serious, sad and profound , Nemor was a great villian and the best and definitive female superhero movie
Wakanda has an amazingly rich lore and. This film abuses the absolutely amazing Wakandian mythos to push a narrative that gets in the way of good story telling.
If we come to together for a class action lawsuit, there ain’t a judge in the world that would rule against us.
A poignant and exciting sequel that excels against the odds of losing its beloved protagonist and lead actor by striving with its strong cast of side characters coping with their loss and finding solidarity amongst other technologically advanced indigenous nations in an increasingly globalized neo-colonial world.
Young college girl illegally making money by making and selling stark level tech and becomes the next Ironman. Sure...
Setup some believable characters with substance for the next phase. Lack luster plot and messy.
This movie seemed to drag on.  Fight scenes were boring.  Characters seemed to be introduced only for the point of getting another person on the screen, not advancing the story.  Plot lines were drenched in over the top "let-me-teach-you-a-lesson" themes.  Also, did the movie have an editor?  It could have used one.
Awful, dull and pointless.
The message is strong with this one

Terrible CGI

Classic terrible marvel writing
Yeah. Hmm. Whatever
O Filme e emocionante o que mais adoro nesse filme e o equilíbrio do humor e das cenas tristes que faz você chorar e que não perde a essência de um filme do pantera negra, quando você ver as piadas você automaticamente saber que as piadas tem a essência do Pantera Negra não só as piadas mas também as cenas de luta, de suspense, etc.. são tudo que um filme do Pantera Negra precisa. Uma bela homenagem ao ator  que fazia o antigo Pantera Negra...
My biggest criticism with this movie is that it just kind of felt bland and boring to look at. Besides Namor’s inclusions, it felt very modern-day Marvel in the visuals aspect and wasn’t very inspired in the action scenes, however, the simple traditions, dresses, suits, and cultural aspects of Wakanda are always amazing. The movie itself is fine, the story does serve well for the characters, and had some twists and turns that were enjoyable. Mostly, it was just a fine movie with good moments and some good characters, but without Chadwick Boseman, it sort of feels like the whole thing was hobbled together.
Story very disjointed, 

lead character of Shuri & Ari Ari Williams was definitely not the right actor to lead the cast.

Saving graces Martin Freeman, Winston Duke & Angela Bassett & the send off of Chadwick Boseman was excellent 

Some really bad story lines in there. With the greatest technology in the world you have one of the main characters cutting steel with an oxy torch.

Unfortunately this move along with the Eternals has started the sad decline of the Marvel Universe
Really good and emotional and they honored Chadwick so well it made me cry
Epic presentation. 3D was just icing on the cake.
Plods along clumsily - a sequel without the main character was never really going to float
"Pantera Negra: Wakanda Para Sempre" é um filme que merece 5 estrelas, homenageando Chadwick Boseman e expandindo o universo de Wakanda de forma emocionante. A direção de Ryan Coogler é excepcional, equilibrando ação intensa com profundidade emocional, enquanto o elenco, incluindo Letitia Wright e Angela Bassett, entrega atuações memoráveis. A cinematografia é deslumbrante e as sequências de ação são eletrizantes. O filme aborda temas como luto e resistência, celebrando a cultura africana e fazendo uma representação inclusiva. Em resumo, é uma experiência cinematográfica poderosa e impactante que honra seu predecessor e estabelece um novo caminho para Wakanda.
Filme mais ou menos  o roteiro é fraco, o vilão é fraco,
o filme faz uns homenagem ao pantera negra verdadeiro que era bom, mas infelizmente ele morreu, e  no filme as cenas de ação foram bacanas, mas não o suficiente para melhorar o filme, e nos créditos colocaram um moleque para ser o pantera negra, invetaram um filho do pantera negra só por que ele morreu, e foda-se
This was a great movie! I loved it!!
A love story, ultimately. For surviving and thriving. Worth it.
Only 4 stars because Angela Bassett's character (the Queen of Wakanda)dies in this movie. Whatever her character is, Angela Bassett is an actual Movie Star (and not just some regular ol movie actress) an therefore, out of respect for her & her acting abilities, the character she plays must NEVER be killed in ANY   production she is in.
This was definitely a 10/10 and a very emotional tribute to chadwick boseman Rip to the best marvel superhero
Amazing graphics and all the actors and actresses were amazing.
A great film! I loved the opening tribute to Chadwick Boseman. I enjoyed the way Namor was portrayed.  Ironheart was also a great character, but her armor looked a bit like a Power Ranger suit.  Shuri did a great job taking on the mantle. Great story, wonderful acting, highly recommended!!
WAKANDA FOREVER was a beautifully emotional tribute to Chadwick.
A good self contained sequel and a great character study, only thing holding this film back is the focus on Namor who feels disingenuous and misguided.
3/10..I hated it..it sucked
I'm not the biggest marvel movies geek, but I really liked this one a lot. Since it does not have the usual US-centristic point of view of most movies from hollywood. It's refreshing, original and very entertaining. I really liked the fact that men play a secondary role as well.
It may not be the same since the passing of Chadwick Boseman but this sequel shows Marvel wants to continue the franchise as they’re willing to do whatever it takes.
Better then I thought. Felt epic when leaving the theatre.
Horrible movie. Don’t waste your time.
This film goes beyond what people think. Yes, it's a fantastic way to honor Chadwick Boseman. But also, the character arch that Shuri has as the protagonist is incredibly well written. This film is an absolute masterpiece
“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” tries to do too much, but it’s still a solid continuation of the first film and a heartfelt tribute to the late Chadwick Boseman with fantastic performances from Letitia Wright and Angela Bassett.
Although a great homage to Chadwick Boseman, I can’t say this is marvels best work
Love this movie, the story was well done. Love the introduction of Marvel's first comic book character, Prince Namor (Sub-Mariner).
Great movie with an awesome soundtrack. RIP Chad!
I am not sure how this got high ratings, the first film was great, this just seemed like a horrible cash in after a real life tragedy. Boring and wished I never saw it.
The thing I hate the most about the film is how they did Namor, in my opinion he could have been better
Fantastic movie with a great   story.
I loved it, the movie did make me cry. Totally worth it but brings some tissues
why did we need it in the first place
Great sequel and tribute to Chadwick Boseman.
Movie was great! We miss Chadwick.
The start of this movie was kind of boring, I'll admit. The pacing was kind of slow until we get to like halfway into the movie when the main villain is introduced. I literally almost fell asleep in the movie theater like twice. I will say that this is probably the best Marvel movie of this year, which is pretty sad considering this movie wasn't even that good.

6/10
The whole movie is basically a tribute to Boseman himself, and i like it, RIP legend
Poorly acted cgi-fest
rip chad
Brilliant tribute to Chadwick Boseman
It’s a really good movie.
Marvel s movie is the best of the best
Bom vilão e bom roteiro, mas a protagonista como super herói principal e de destaque no filme não ficou tão bom.
definitely the most contemplative marvel movie, to the point where the obligatory(and unfortunately average) action scenes sometimes feel like interruptions to a eulogy. 

the exploration of grief and it’s effect on faith was particularly compelling. easily toward the top of phase 4.
Namor is a unique and interesting antagonist. The movie used him well.
Many cool concepts,  but a total MacGuffin plot.

 Love the Namor backstory. 

Beautiful tribute to Chadwick Boseman in the opening scenes.

The execution was disjointed,  overlong, overcomplicated.
I love how they made the story about honoring T’Challa while also introducing a whole new group of people and city. The visuals were amazing and you could feel everyone’s emotions. Run, don’t walk, to go see this movie
Wakanda Forever! Heartfelt and cool!
They should of stopped after Bowsman died.

The worst thing about this film is that it is not entertaining. The most interesting parts is the first 10 minutes and the Last 7 minutes.
It's not a bad movie, but I think this part is uninteresting and boring, as if they decided to make this part a documentary out of respect. The last part of the movie becomes more interesting, but still not without problems. The intrigue for the 3rd part is well done so I will wait for the next part
Story is good for the circumstances they had to work with. The whole secret son thing is definetly forced but i can also see why they did it
An absolute mess of a movie
Loved the movie, but I still hope that one day we will get to see an interpretation of T'Challa in the MCU again.
Almost reaches the heights of the first movie. Shuri was great, so was the villain. The emotions really worked, and it’s just a smart movie.
Good characters. but the story is a mess. The visuals are good, but not up to the first installment.
Really was one of the worst ‘entertainment’ movies I have ever seen. Very slow, lacking in action and lacking in storyline. 
Winston Duke was still upbeat and enjoyable. 
Angela Bassett acted really well. 
Otherwise poor poor film!
Less satisfying than the first movie. I don't like the storyline.
3 hours of pure boredom. They even did my boy Namor dirty.
This movie was a great way to teach us the importance of loss and how it feels. It’s not just about superheroes but this movie shows what it means to feel something and that’s what Wakanda Forever teaches us and that’s why I love it so much. It’s a great way to respect and remember people who had died in the past. 🥹🥹🥹🥹
This movie was creative in its storyline not many could have pulled this off in the brilliant matter in which it was pulled off, a must see very entertaining film.
Boseman is dead And so is this franchise Disney really needs to understand. We got to get away from the bright colors and get back to great story
This was a great movie well directed and fun it also gives chad boseman a rightfull send off..
Okey hablando de las reseñas motivadoras y gratas creo q he la estás super sobrevalorando está bien que metan a la civilización olmeca a la peli pero iron heart enserio? Me puedes venir con una cosa de que no hay ninguna referencia a Tony y todo pero lit eso quisieron hacer o amenos de que no pensáramos ahí si márcale haz lo que quieras pero qué crees tienes fans con cerebro que si piensan da asco como quieren forzar algo déjenlo donde estaba y ya espero y cancelen la serie de iron heart
A little disappointing. The movie is way too long and has a little too much meaningless filler for me. The story is riddled with plot holes and poor writing. It has likeable characters and some fun action, but still, believe it or not, it is better than most of what Marvel releases nowadays.
Such a beautiful production in spite of all the hurdles against it. Ryan Coogler doesn't get enough praise for his craftsmanship. Additionally probably THE strongest cast in the MCU franchise and marvel should be investing in them more than they are.
The movie was OK defiently not as good as the first. Namor was bad but Iron Heart was even worse. The original you can watch a few times and still enjoy this one you watch once and it's more than enough. I'd never buy it too own it thats for sure
Got to admit I only watched 30min of it but blah. Terrible and I couldn't finish it. Left and next day I asked my son if I missed anything and he said he hated it and turned it off 20min later.
As a tribute, as a Marvel film and as a sequel, Wakanda Forever delivers a visual, emotional and engaging experience, and excellent performances from the cast.
This movie did justice not only to marvel fans everywhere, but to those also grieving Chadwick Boseman. It almost seems as if Marvel created this movie in honor of him. They still got to give the plot lines necessary for the legacy to continue in addition to honoring the memory of the late king of Wakanda.
This was very boring, and I wanted it to end as soon as possible.
Me gustó bastante, es una hermosa película con una historia interesante, buena calidad de producción y actuaciones.
La única razón por la que le otorgó 4 estrellas, es es debido a algunos aspectos, que no me gustaron, de la representación de la cultura Mexicana, que yo como Mexicana puedo juzgar ampliamente.
malisima todo esto de que solo mujeres peleen WTF tienen que ser mas realistas en una guerra quien haria algo asi o que les paso a los hombres se extinguieron de golpe sin previo aviso??? que les pasa estan arruinando todas las peliculas
No.... Just no. Like, let him rest in peace.

MARVEL: NAAAH ANOTHER MOVIE.
A MARVEL MASTER PIECE 🧩
a very nice sequel and tribute to Chadwick boseman.
Where did this go wrong? It's way too long. The hole left by Chadwick Boseman's death was impossible to fill. The villain was weak and uninteresting. The whole plot felt like it was put together with scraps from "Aquaman" and "Avatar."
I love this movie so much
The same dumb drivel that Disney pumps out
Muito bom esse filme! Recomendo muito assistir.
Sinto que faltou algo, o filme foi quase excelente.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a powerful and emotional superhero film that pays tribute to the legacy of Chadwick Boseman's portrayal of T'Challa. The movie delves deeper into the rich world of Wakanda, offering a compelling storyline, impressive performances, and breathtaking visuals. The themes of unity, tradition, and strength resonate throughout the film, making it a fitting sequel to the original Black Panther. Overall, Wakanda Forever is a heartfelt and well-crafted movie that honors its predecessor while setting the stage for new adventures in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The only thing I liked about this movie was the Tribute to Chadwick Boseman. That was very touching.  Angela Bassett performance was superb, sad she had to work with such a weak script.

Uhh Shiri the actor is good. But her character?? Uhh what? She got jabbed through the abdomen and still survived? How?? This movie barely make sense after the tribute to Chadwick
Really bad story .. reminded me of aquaman..
The first one was great. This was dismal the heros are just not at all convincing.
Maybe it's just me but I just find the wankandans incredibly unlikeable. The society is supposedly built on honor etc but every time they face anybody that Is superior to them in hand to hand they need to develop all these weapons and suits to make themselves stronger and tilt the scales in their favour. Now I suppose for an American audience that never care about someone bringing a gun to a knife fight it's perfectly acceptable it just sits wrong with any person with an ounce of decency.
The ending was horrid. A 100lb scientist suddenly defeats a superman type character ( no explanation as to why his super power was water and what exactly water could do to give him strength )
Beside she took him to a desert (beach) and he lost his strength( missing the whole tonnes of water vapour in the air around beaches 🫣) but not before he speared her and walked away leaving her stuck to a rock. Even after freeing herself (unbelievably) and facing down "Villain" again in his incredibly weakened state she uses a jet engine( which we had previously seen be destroyed) to fry him rather than face him in hand to hand combat.
They just aren't heroes. They betrayed there own rules and culture in first film. This one is no better
I liked it a lot; especially the scene at the end ... you know which one...
Way to screw up a sequel to a solid Original.
Esse filme é incrível, as atuações, a cinematográfia do filme, a shuri se tornando a pantera negra, a TRILHA SONORA é INCRÍVEL, amei muito o filme.
More depressed than a panther, but more quick than a panther. The movie = panther
A step down from the first one, but still an enjoyable movie. A good dedication to Chadwick.
Even though it's not quite as good as its predecessor and is just too long, Wakanda Forever has an excellent premise with the most emotionally impactful mid-credits scene of any movie I have ever watched.
I get the tribute to Chadwick Boseman. He was the essence of BP and irreplaceable. But there was no point in making an entire movie dedicated to mourning his loss. I was depressed by the end of this movie.
This movie is actually pretty good, 86-88%
I couldn't even get through it. Far gone are the heydays of Marvel.
Meh. It was a good effort, but it failed to captivate me. Do you know when you see an art installation in a gallery that you won't quite get if you don't have a long argumentative text explaining the meaning of the piece? This movie is like that. The plot is so overly and unnecessarily complicated that it needs long portions of stories within the film; the endless conversations make it dull and slow its pace tragically.
The combination of the worlds is forced. The conflict between the two mythological nations and the real American CIA and Europe feels like putting chocolate on an egg/bacon sandwich is not a good match. The story of the sea people scrambling with the story of the actual Mayan civilization was too cartoonish and poorly made. The battle scenes were emotionless and to top it all, the attempts at humour are completely lame.
This is not a movie I will be watching again.
Takes fiction to anotherrrrr level. Given all that's gone on in the MCU before this film and they've just sat out until now?!  Then come back with a selfish ‘not part of your team' attitude when it's obvious what the universe has in store for them, makes this a very difficult film to watch. Not enjoyable.
A bit disappointed. The story had too much happening, detracting from the central narrative about Wakanda and the royal family's struggle to adapt to their new reality without T'Challa.
An emotional but nonsensical type of Marvel movie. Enough said.
Succeeded on every level over the sequel. Will take some time to digest + will need a rewatch, but Wakanda Forever pays tribute to Chadwick Boseman while pushing its own story and the MCU forward. 8/10 for now.

Edit: Def an 8.5-9/10 on a rewatch. Everything about it just works for me
long live mister boseman
it's was okay not better than the first one
not a bad movie but It was really boring for the most part. Enjoyable but boring
Achei o roteiro muito meh
 A shiri colocou tudo a perder por conta de uma estadunidense que ela, literalmente , tinha acabado de conhecer
Chadwick passing is a tragedy.. but feels require more explainin with regards to why the talo khan combat capabilities varies so much from time to time
Terrible movie. Bad story, bad acting, bad directing. Waste of time and money.
should have quit with the first one
This might be one of my fauvorite Marvel movie ever, the story is really good, the script is fenomenal and Namor is the best villain on the marvel universe.
Loved this movie! They really did deliver with this one.
Saw it in theaters three times. And it amazed me on how beautifully done this movie is.
Weak writing, overwhelming bad plot. A peaceful underwater nation that's never had to fight all of a sudden is a direct rival to Wakanda. The reason for the fight is not a reason to fight its just bad character plot. My guess is the think tank was on low fuel. Not worth a watch
One of the best Marvel movies. It's just beautiful! Enjoyable to watch and still intense. Just amazing.
This movie is so over rated the only positive things about the movie was the writing and some of the acting like m baku was probably the most entertaining but he barely had a role in this sequel. And the reason im giving this movie a half a star is because of m baku but either than that oh my God it's so boring I felt my head spinning because it was so boring. It never gets to the Point and the villan was the most boring part. You know what I am going to stop now because I could go on and on how bad this movie was.
I liked the storyline.  Great cast.
It's not better then the First one, But this sequel will satisfy you if you loved the first one
Una película asombrosa sus efectos especiales son muy buenos a comparación con otras películas
bad exposition to a new enemy force and new characters that will be important in the future of the mcu. the actors seem to not want to even be in this movie half of the time. strange how far marvel has fallen after endgame.
A great tributary work for the artist who left. Mesmerizing visuals and colour schemes. However with the amounts of CGI during it's lengthy span was excessive. But when considered as a comic book adaptation it does manage to present all futuristic setups as usual. Great use of audio from start to end. Sharp audio effects use was a major part in action sequences. The colourful culture of Wakandans was well preserved in this new episode too. Dialogues weren't the sharpest and the idea of presenting Wakandans mad at world on the west was childish. It was a good move to empower a princess to suit up and save the nation.
one of the best marvel movies and a great tribute to chadwick boseman
Not much to like here for me -- portrayal of Namor was sub par, story had lots of holes, Shuri gets stabbed through the belly and barely acknowledges the after-effects, Namor conveniently kills the queen and then leaves so the heroes can regroup, just contrived logic so the movie can happen. The best part was the honoring of Chadwick Boseman.
Passed the time alright, but can't compare remotely with the predecessor.
This one was just a formuliac super hero movie that lacks soul.
I really enjoyed it and it was emotional. I kinda wanted them to recast T'challa but it works. Great visuals and only 2 cringe lines
This is a mixed bag of a movie I feel they killed off specific characters just beaucse they could.I feel a times they were being over dramatic it was just boring and slow at times overall a 2/5
Probably in the top 5 MCU movies for me, a beautiful tribute to Chadwick.
This movie really is something else to me this movie is sad and depressing while being action packed and entertaining
I went into this movie expecting it to be good after checking the reviews only to be utterly letdown by the story, the CGI, and honestly everything about it. After the masterpiece that Black Panther was I so desperately wanted to love this movie but I could barely sit through it, one of the main complaints was the truly awful, and frankly irritating, villain. The idea it's self was good but it just wasn't executed in a compelling way, the characters just all felt so hollow and one dimensional. I have rewatched most of the marvel movies a few times and loved them every time, and I can very confidently say I would NEVER watch this again. It was just… disappointing.
Simply put. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing either. Definitely give it a watch if you enjoy Marvel movies, but it wasn't really good enough for me to want to watch it again. 
Felt like it used Chadwick's death to much to make the movie emotional, rather than just creating an actually decent movie, like it was a tribute to him. If they kept the same plot but Chadwick had not actually passed away in real life, I feel like it would have failed greatly plotwise. I realise they were in a tough position, but perhaps recasting him would have been more fitting.
The story was good, they didn't make Shuri annoying, Namor is just soooooo good, Ironheart and the other costume looks ugly though.
I have never had a movie that represented my blood like this movie. I have never felt like a movie would make me cry but I teared up(if this movie was able to do that I wonder what movie would make me bawl). 
Villain wise Namor is probably one of the scariest yet down to earth villains I have seen in a movie. He brought an element I didn't know could be brought to Marvel.
The reason this is at 5 stars isn't because of Namor being a S tier villain but Shuri as a character. 
She lost everything and in the end still chose what would save her people rather than giving up everything to the feeling of revenge. The representation of everything with Killmonger with her loss and with just her as a character I at a point was like "stop taking so much from her" not only am I proud to call her black panther but I am also glad to call her an S Tier character. 
Now for my shortest segment. My fiancee and I are afro latino. This movie represented us in a way a movie has never represented us before. The music, the scenery, everything. I can 100% vouch we all live under water like that. Absolute detail to detail accurate.  
Probably the best movie Marvel has ever made and I NEED MORE MOVIE.
There is a Chadwick Boseman-shaped hole in the heart of Wakanda. While this film offers a lovely tribute to King T'Challa and the man who played him, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever feels like it's missing something (which is kind of funny, because the runtime is far too long). Even Shuri (Letitia Wright), who was one of my favorite parts of the first Black Panther movie, becomes a dull, brooding character in this sequel. Watching this was an almost joyless experience, despite the forced humor. Phase Four of the MCU has been a bit of mess, so I was hoping it would end strong. Unfortunately, it didn't.
This Movie truly honours the legacy of Chawick Boseman and pays tribute to him in many ways, it has one of the best villains of the phase with namar and has some emotional and heartbraking moments throughout. also has some of the best acting in the entire MCU with is oscar worthy. 9.0/10. the costume designs are incredible.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever 

With an emotional intro, this sequel gives a befitting send-off to the character T'Challa and the brilliant actor Chadwick Boseman.

This sequel may not best or match the previous movie, but it moves the story forward convincingly. Character development is done aptly, especially for Shuri. The Talokan underwater scenes could have been improved upon, the transcendent feel of that world was tame.

The biggest praise for Black Panther 2 is the acting. The returning cast members deliver splendid performances (Angela Bassett did the thing), and the new members also match up (Tenoch Huerta Mejía giving a compelling performance.) The score is also wonderful.

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a strong sequel even though it has writing flaws and pacing issues.

7/10
It was a good watch, just did not feel the same as the first one
Is there any way to give 0 stars?
They delivered a good movie even with the main character passed away IRL
It was slow and disjointed
Wonderful perfect beautiful thank you Marvel Studios
The first 10 minutes were amazing and I cried because of how emotionally moving it was.  I spent the rest of the movie crying because of how wretchedly horrible the movie was.
la trama no enamora, y la actuación de la chica no te engancha con el personaje, demasiado larga ademas para lo predecible del guion
Very anti white undertones to this film. I would call it verging on racist to be honest. Best avoided.
The follow-up to the hugely popular Black Panther, which earned itself several Academy Award nominations back in 2019, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever had a tough job following the tragic death of actor Chadwick Boseman. Filming was interrupted with rewrites prompting reshoots as the film's release was delayed and Letitia Wright's controversial time on Twitter didn't help matters much.

Wakanda Forever was tasked with building on the first film and concluding Marvel's Phase 4 as a new villain enters the picture, and a new hero is forced to step up and become the Black Panther. Wakanda is pressured by the rest of the world to share its vibranium resource, but Queen Ramonda (Angela Bassett) refuses so these political headbutts soon start to cause dangerous ripples. The bad guy this time is Namor, played by Tenoch Huerta Mejía, who breaks into Wakanda, threatening the country with an attack if he is not given the scientist who designed a machine capable of detecting vibranium.

Losing the main actor in the franchise was always going to prove challenging for the filmmakers but the approach taken here feels appropriate: after T'Challa is given a considerable, moving send-off, the story continues and Shuri (Letitia Wright) eventually assumes the mantle. Having not one but two massive funerals in a film as lengthy as this one does hurt the pacing of the movie quite a bit, however. This is definitely a film that could have done with a bit of a trim but one suspects that necessary changes to the script caused the budget to inflate too much already so changing the entire plot was not really an option, which is understandable.

All of that aside, this is a good sequel and the best film in Marvel's Phase 4 by far. The action sequences are big and exciting, the cast is on top form, there's plenty of drama and intrigue to hold onto, Namor is an interesting foe who lives in a bit of a grey area like Killmonger did and the new culture that is introduced is fascinating. The film takes what worked so well in the first Black Panther and puts it on a more global scale. On the minus side, the introduction of Riri Williams (Dominique Thorne) falls resoundingly flat and Lupita Nyong'o is barely given anything to do as Nakia, a character that has felt criminally underwritten since the first movie.

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever isn't a perfect film by any stretch, and it's hardly one of Marvel's very best, but it remains a thoroughly entertaining sequel with new environments to discover, characters going through a lot emotionally and a well done build-up to an all-out war that is worth the watch alone.​

Solid.
Complete nonsense... speaking in cinematic terms...
Long, honestly kind of boring, dragged out sequel that wasn't very entertaining, but had solid performances
Inferior to its predecessor for sure. It was not bad, I had strong praise with the performances, tribute to Chadwick boseman, and some of the action scenes. I thought this movie was too long and should be cut down by like 15 to 20 minutes or so. Could've been better.
Loved the first movie, this was a let down.  All the main characters remained angry or sullen throughout the whole movie.  There was no hope and very little in the way of nobility, whereas the original Black Panther movie had T' Challa as a beacon.  Poor follow up of a terrific first movie.
Solid movie. I don't think it quite lived up to the first film. Plot was kind of all over the place and some scenes were just unnecessary for the film. Overall worth a watch. Chadwick was honored in the best way possible
Better than the first and yet mentions chadwick's unfortunate death, doesnt fully rely on it and still creates a new original story. Namor is a villain who is just trying to protect his people but does it in a radicalised way.
It was always a great movie in my mind. Recently a quote from the movie came to mind so I decided to rewatch. The quote, "Only the most broken people can be great leaders…" This movie did the impossible in dealing with Chadwick's death. May he rest in Power! Watching it again with that in mind, this movie is a master piece of a response with action throughout. Namor is an amazing anti-hero and the story line is more relatable than ever. He wants to defend his people the way most of us want to defend our family. And of course WAKANDA FOREVER. An amazing film.
I wouldn't see this movie again, it is just a meh.
This movie was not good at all. The Dora Milage are overrated, the plot was boring, and of course there was the now obligatory gay relationship in it, which has been hurting the series since at least Eternals. Overall, it was garbage.
Es increíble es mejores de marvel Namor es buen villano Shuri es increíble me encanta todo esta película es muy triste llore demasiado en esta película es un 9.4 de 10
Disney seems like they wants to destroy their movie franchises…
Overall is good for a marvel movie. Some parts are a bit too long so that a bit bored.
awful "cultural movie" retconning and shaming on Chadwick's death. deplorable direction and plot and leaves just testifies of bad mcu has gotten over the time.
Marvel will scramble to whatever they have left when their desperate, this movie was a disaster.
A beautiful tribute to Chadwick Boseman, but after that it's just filler in a slow and boring film, well-choreographed and beautiful scenes, but I don't buy the ideas that this film sells to me and Marvel continually takes away the weight of other films with idiotic solutions of recent films.
Great movie! Tons of action, and a perfect way to continue the Black Panther story into the next few years. Ironheart was the only major downside to the movie.
No sé cómo me hicieron para hacer una buena película sin su protagonista 10/10  eso sí no me gustó para nada la nueva black panter
I have seen this movie 5 times and each time I love it even more!
I loved it so much. Great way to mourn Chadwick Boseman. 

I loved it all except the underwater world stuff which was not that interesting. Honestly if this movie was a 3 hour long story in Wakanda about Shuri figuring herself out after her brother's death, I would  have absolutely loved it. But it's still an awesome film.
The music, action, and story was so awesome. The scene with the Princess's entrance as the Black Panther paired with the BRILLIANT music that played was one of the best superhero entrance's of all time. Namor was a great villain. Top notch flick!
This movie is not just bad,  it is an insult to Chadwick Boisman, Africa, people older than 4 and fish.
This movie is one of the best to come out of the MCU (not counting the Avengers movies), up there with Spider-Man: No Way Home.
The best thing about this movie was the acting. Everybody from the last Black Panther movie were significantly better here. Letitia Wright and Angela Bassett specifically had some of the best performances out of any Marvel movie.
Another great thing is the character writing. Shuri is my favorite character because of this movie. She's not an average selfless hero. She cares for her people yes, but her motivations are much more driven by her family. And despite people liking to call her a Mary Sue, she is far from one. She fails in this movie a lot. She also is much more vengeful than many heroes and her arc is overcoming that vengeance. Riri is also better written here. Even with her limited amount of screentime, Coogler's Riri is a better version of Ironheart than Bendis'. 
Namor was also a pretty good villain. He is worse than Kilmonger, but he is written much better than the majority of anti-heroes.
This movie also expanded Wakandan culture and represents Africa well. 
The CGI was okay and could pass. But CGI was way too evident in this movie.
Everett Ross was almost entirely unneccessary and took away from the screentime other characters could've had. His subplot didn't contribute to this movie's plot much either. 
Riri was set up to be an important character in the first act, but somewhere during act two, she was not used much and I think that's a shame

With that being said, I highly recommend this movie.
Absolutely horrible story with subpar acting.
I swore I would never watch the sequel after Chadwick died.  He was Black Panther, it would be pointless without him.  I changed my mind and started to watch it as they didn't try to replace him, but I can't get through more than half of the film without realising that it's nothing without him.

Even the glorious, beautiful, unfairly talented Angela Bassett can't make me watch the rest.  Chadwick was Black Panther...nothing less will do.
I was taken a back by how much I enjoyed this movie. It portrays a great deal of emotion and respect to the late Chadwick Boseman. Shuri takes over and does brilliantly in this female led movie.
An emotional and harrowing action-adventure. Top 10 MCU movie.
I love this movie. Really was a tribute to Chadwick Boseman.
Less impressive black panther meets Mr nimbus
Wakanda forever it certainly felt like forever
A cast made up of supporting role actors does not a good movie make. This movie is very boring.  It feels completely hollow. Most of these MCU movies since Endgame are directionless and leading to nowhere. Paling in comparison to it's predecessor.
The cast is perfect, the story is powerful, and the character development is wonderful. Still, Wakanda Forever feels like more of an epilogue to the first Black Panther than its own movie
Finally got a chance to watch this. Solid movie. I went into it with very low expectations and walked away really liking it. I found it a little different than the average Marvel movie, which was very refreshing. Its more human than other movies in the franchise. The cast was excellent. This was well made, and the story was interesting. Definitely gonna buy it for the collection.
Only one way to describe this, Wakanda Forever!
Quite underwhelming in a lot of respects, with much less impact than the first film. The dialogue felt more annoying and the side characters and villains are worse - Klaue and Killmonger felt exciting to watch, unlike their replacements.
Too long and way too predictable. Marvel has lost that loving feeling.
A strong continuation for the series
Is Black Panther: Wakanda Forever a good film you should watch? Yes, it is entertaining and offers a different emotional side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe we hardly get to experience. Despite the very sad and harsh tragedy, everyone needed to deal with, the movie is successful in working with what it has to make another good entry into the MCU. It's a moment for everyone to grieve, process, and dust off in preparation for what is next. Wakanda Forever is not as enthusiastic or lighthearted as other movies, not by choice, but manages to close out Phase 4 definitively.
I can honestly say, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever has once again came back at it with a flawless marvel cinematic storytelling, especially with a herioc tribute to King T'challa, and the princess being the new black panther has definetely move the story forward. Chadwick Boseman would be so proud. Rest well Chadwick.

As The People of Wakanda always Say:

WAKANDA FOREVER!
great lessons and iron heart is gonna be awesome more please
This was a really good movie, especially given the circumstances.  While it doesn't come close to being as good as the first one, this movie really had its moments.  Angela Bassett should have won MULTIPLE awards for her performance in this movie.  She was breathtaking at times.  At the same time, I thought Shuri was very-much-so lacking in comparison to TChalla, BUT I thought Namor was right up there in comparison with Kilmonger, being one of the best villains the MCU has seen.  The scene where people were jumping off the ship because of the Atlanteans singing gave me goosebumps and chills at how good it was, and that first fight scene on the ship with Wakandans was epic.   All of the scenes and music that were underwater were absolutely fantastic, and could watch over and over again, and some of the fight scenes were really well done.  Did not care for Riri's character at all, and I found most moments with her to be cringe.  Nevermind how bad the cgi and design of her suit was. Overall, gave it a 86.2/100.  Go see for yourself!
Overall strong, but a bit clunky. Trying to provide setup and payoff for too many characters at once. If Shuri had the same spotlight in this film that T'Challa did in the first then I believe it would have worked even better. We got another sympathetic villain but the movie didn't even require a conventional villain with all the internal strife that was going on.
The first black panther set the bar very high that Wakanda Forever can't match the level but still it's a good movie.

Rip Sir Chadwick Boseman😔
An fantastic movie! A nice tribute for Chadwick Boseman. Loved the ocean themed for the villain. Nice way to end Phase 4 of the MCU.
an amazing movie probably even better than the first one.  I loved the movie and they had all the reason in the world to cancel this movie but they didn't.  The beginning was a little confusing with the namor part but the way handled the death of tchalla was really appropriate.
Obviously not as good as the first. Low key there was not big conflict. Why were they blue?
Forgettable and boring. Can already hardly remember a thing about this movie except for the goofy action (and not in a good way)
Not as great as the first, but amazing all things considered.
84/100 We Love You Chadwick Rest In Peace.
Pretty good but definitely not as good as the first!
This movie is poorly made. One must fight to stay awake.
I felt every second of this movie.
This was a mediocre movie at best. A far cry from the overrated first film.
It really is a beautiful homage to Chadwick Boseman while also being a good standalone BP movie as it progresses. Definitely a great send-off to Marvel's phase 4
Marvel continues along a path littered with tired stories and unearned action set pieces that mix with flashy colors and one-liners and culminate in a lukewarm tribute for the late Chadwick Boseman. The thin plot that supports this films nearly three hour runtime consists of a intercontinental search for vibranium that accidentally uncovers an ancient civilization of, essentially, merpeople that are also quite advanced thanks to their unfettered access to vibranium. The merpeople threaten the existence of Wakanda and therefore they must be stopped. It's all so superficial now that many of the Marvel plotlines feel like unfinished first drafts. The acting is solid enough, without any glaring issues and the special effects look as great as always. It's the writing that continually sets Marvel movies up for failure, or at least disappointment. It's the universe in which the movies inhabit that's distracting as well. At this point the world is so convolutedly different than our own that it can be hard to get invested in the film's presented stakes, which is a charge that could be levied at any number of recent Marvel entries. All told, this Wakanda felt like it took forever to move along and, by the time we make it to the end credits, we're left wondering if we really went anywhere at all.
a really well made tribute for the legendary HERO
Lovely touching moments for Chadwick but outside of this I found Wakanda Forever a disconnected from its origin story.  Characters who I loved from the first movie were ruined and I felt very underwhelming after watching it.  Apart from Galaxy and Spiderman, Phase 4 has been a massive disappointment.
Long enough to explain the plot and characters. Chadwick's death is still sad, I don't know if this movie pays enough homage to him, but it's not bad. It may have bad things, but it is more than decent. 
The third act is pretty weak.
Boring. Implausible even for this kind of movie, with big plot holes. The original was great but do yourself a favor and skip this one.
This movie was ok. I enjoyed myself, but Black Panther is simply not the same without Chadwick Boseman. However, this movie's dedication to the actor was great. RIP.
While it may contain strong performances and serves as an emotional tribute to Boseman's legacy, the movie ultimately is overlong, with a weak villain and an underwhelming final act, leading to a mixed experience that falls short of the impact of the original.
The costume design and overall look of the movie is beautiful, but the story is weak. While the first film was sustained by Chadwick Boseman's charisma, the second had to make do with a bunch of cocky characters who spent the whole time fighting each other. The war between Wakanda and Talokan ultimately proved unnecessary, as the two nations ended up in the same diplomatic situation they might have had right before the conflict; while the problem with the US simply ceased to exist without any explanation. Namor calling Spanish a "hateful language" and having his entire soundtrack feature songs sung in Spanish just showed that the director had no idea what he was doing.
I don't really like how it's almost 3 hours (and it blue balled me with no doctor doom) but it was good with shuri facing the difficultys without t'challa (rip Chadwick Bozeman) and with namor being around killing the queen made her a cool black panther and I know everyone hates ironheart but me personally I enjoy her and I can't wait for her series
I loved the movie good way to honor Chadwick for the movie the best thing his the music and fighting scenes in it still number one movie in America
As with Doctor Strange, the sequel isn't as good as the original. 

As with the first BP, it's about 25-30 minutes too long, and contrary to several opinions I've heard, it's not the funeral section at the start that drags. It's the superhero bits.
Ok, yes. Black Panther was sooo much better than this. But you to admit that this was amazing for a sequel. It's hard to follow such a blockbuster anyways. The soundtrack was amazing along with the effects. This is a movie you want to see on imax for the amazing visuals. When they go underwater it literally transports u into a whole new world along with the song playing. The villain was sooooo good, best MCU villain in my opinion. Do watch!
What happens when you have no original idea for superhero capeshit whatsoever, ridiculously plain and boring.
I watched all 3 hours if this and had no idea what was going on.  It looked beautiful though.
Very poor graphics and absolutely mediocre choreography.
The characters' motivations and actions are questionable, to say the least. The plot's presentation style is like in a movie from a student for three beers.
This movie executes the grief and somber feeling of the loss of T'Challa perfectly, but there's still some plot holes here.
Black Panther - Wakanda Forever is probably the most emotional Marvel film of all time. After the sad death of former lead actor Chadwick Boseman, Marvel Studios faced a big challenge! How should they proceed with the planned sequel to Black Panther without the main actor? And it's safe to say they had probably the best solution. The film is simply a superhero masterpiece. We follow the journey of Shuri, we see how she has to deal with one blow after another and we see how she has to deal with the grief and anger that eats away at her. You have succeeded perfectly in turning Shuri from a marginal character into a real lead. They were also able to flesh out the supporting characters very clearly. Danai Gurira as General Okoye was again great, as was the entire cast. Okoye also gets a bigger arc in this film than before. She has to deal with her biggest fear, the loss of her title as General of the Dora Milaje. Nakia and M'Baku were also great again, though I would have liked to see more of the them. The two absolute scene stealers are Tenoch Huerta as Namor and Angela Bassett as Ramonda. Namor is arguably one of the best Marvel villains, with a good story and exciting powers, he makes you want more. Ramonda is probably the secret star of the film. Not only does she deliver arguably the most emotional scenes, but she is a great character for the main plot. Angela Bassett performs Oscar ripe. Newcomer Riri Williams aka Ironhearth is also convincing. She is a fun and likable side character with cool action scenes, even if Iron Man Fanboys probably don't see it that way. The action in the movie is great and also the CGI is mostly very good. Especially the underwater city Talokan can convince. The interplay of image and music is perfect. The film probably offers the most beautiful film music in the MCU. The film is quite long, but you don't notice that at all. The quiet pace gives the characters enough time to develop and make us understand how they feel and why they act the way they do. Goosebumps and tears are unavoidable. Alone the this time quiet Marvel intro with pictures and videos of Chadwick Boseman brings tears to your eyes. You can feel the real emotions in this film and that makes it even more powerful. In conclusion, Wakanda Forever is an absolute emotional masterpiece in the superhero industry that has no equal. It manages to honorably say goodbye to Chadwick and at the same time honorably begin a new story.
es gran película triste gran acción adiós pantera negra y y hola Shury me encanta ella y su escena post crédito es triste y la acción es genial me encanta la película Namor es increíble villano es un 9.4 de 10
I sleep the two times I want to the cinema boring and. No scence
I heard someone say WAKANDA WHATEVER
Boring, depressing, messy and very disappointing tribute.
kukulcan = Namor = No amor, really?!
MCU's Phase 4 is a grotesque mess
The only good part about this moving was the tribute to Chadwick Boseman. Everything else just sucked.
Literally cried 4 times during this movie, gorgeous story and amazing acting from Angela Bassett and Letitia Wright. Namor was a forgettable villain, and Riri is a good character just also forgettable. Rest in Peace to Chadwick Boseman.
This was an emotional tribute to Chadwick. Even as an MCU fan, I didn't care about the MCU watching this one. I cared about the message and the tribute. Both were done well.
So many questions about this movie plot. And my pet hate is when villains seem to change how strong they are depending on what character is fighting them. Sorry, did not enjoy. 
Loved original Black Panther.
It's so good and it has very good storytelling and it was probaly made for Boseman's tragic event...
König T´Challa ist tot. Seine Schwester Shuri (Letitia Wright) und die Königin Ramonda (Angela Bassett) trauern und müssen dafür sorgen, dass Wakanda ein sichererer Ort bleibt. Shuri findet ein neues Volk, welches Unterwasser lebt und ebenfalls Vibranium besitzt und in Gefahr gerät bekannt zu werden. Der König Namor (Tenoch Huerta) möchte sein Volk beschützen und ist zu allem bereit. Gibt es Frieden? Ist Wakanda noch stark genug, ohne seinen König und Black Panther? Und wer wird der neue Black Panther?

Black Panther Wakanda Forever ehrt am Anfang und am Ende den verstorbenen Black Panther Darsteller Chadwick Boseman. Dies macht er sehr gut und es ist auch emotional anzusehen. Shuri ist in diesem Film der Hauptcharakter und ist hier ernster und reist nicht mehr so viele Witze wie im ersten Teil. Dies liegt daran, da sie in starker Trauer ist. Das kann, aber auch daran liegen, da sie ja jetzt die Hauptdarstellerin ist und es für uns Zuschauer zu nervig wäre, wenn sie zu viel redet und nur Gags macht. Der Film generell wirkt nicht wie ein MCU Film. Es gibt eigentlich keine Erwähnung, anderer Superhelden oder Schurken. Am Anfang denkt man, dass der Film in die politische Richtung gehen wird, was zum Teil auch der Fall ist, aber meiner Meinung nach hätte es noch ein bisschen mehr sein können. Im Gegensatz zu anderen Marvelprojekten gibt es hier, weniger Action und mehr Charakterentwicklungen. Angela Bassett hat mir sehr gut gefallen und hat meiner Meinung nach zu Recht eine Oscarnominierung erhalten. Der Bösewicht des Filmes ist gut erzählt worden und könnte noch interessant für Fortsetzungen werden. Da man hier einen Bösewicht hat, dessen Motiv man nachvollziehen kann. Die Bewohner des Unterwasservolks sahen wie die Menschen aus Avatar aus und ich habe zwar Avatar nie richtig gesehen, aber die Handlung ähnelt sich schon stark. Der Endkampf war eher langweilig und einige Entscheidungen im Film fand ich nicht so toll z.b. was mit General Okoye gemacht wurde.

Black Panther Wakanda Forever ist ein eher schwächerer Marvel Film, welcher zwar einen guten Ansatz hat und auch gute Szenen hatte. Aber am Ende hatte ich mir mehr erhofft und ich kann mir Shuri, nicht als neuen Black Panther vorstellen.

7,5/10
Wakanda Forever is sadly another political message film by Disney that has no villan in it.

The visuals were okay, nothing to be completely amazed by exept for a couple of scenes when they show the underwater world  the latin community lives in and Wakanda shots where the affrican american people live. It is ovious that they are trying to make a movie for races that arent white. The evil is of course the white people that have to live away from these two worlds.  
As for the black panther, (the other ovious political message from Disney is shown, making King Thachala's scientific sister who now knows how to be tougher, stronger, meaner, and better than any man could be. Because by her drinking the magic flower fluid' she becomes automatically superior in every way than the legacy of black panther men before her.  She has no soul and the huge admiration we had for her on Black Panter is gone. 
The fight between the minorities leads to nowhere exept to show that even though both minorities are the toughest and smarter in the world the African american minority is of course superior. The college kid they pick is spectacularly smart for her age. 
In short, there is no part of this movie that has a relatable character or anything that could be seen realistic. A big disappointment and a perfect lesson in how marvel became a harlet of Disney and the comic books are not important anymore, pleasing politicians and conveying agendas is the new thing for film.

We are so far away from the succesful Marvel movie  Black Panther.
Emotional movie and good character development.
Disney destroying everything
The fact in which they had to do a sequel in which the original star passed and still attempt to deliver a superior film in which they achieved, was remarkable and much respected as they showed love to the late and great Chad Boswick and original Black Panther in the film as well as tied it into the story line seamlessly which was impressive. Equally impressive was the cinematography which was not only better than the sequel but better than most films of recent date and the past. The action was good and they didn't have to force a new Black Panther but actually showed restraint and character development by having Black Panther be needed and by honoring him in the process rather than just replacing him. The Villans were mysterious and so intriguing and powerful, every scene with them was masterful. The Film had memorable  scenes along with new surprises and characters and this is why it's one of Marvels best films especially under the circumstances. Bring on Part 3.
Couldn't relate to it. It was neither good nor bad, not exciting or boring...just Meh
A great and entertaining tribute to Chadwich Boseman, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a great addition to the MCU with old and new characters, a well written antagonist, and serious tone. However, I do feel like Ironheart (Riri Williams) is just trying to be the next Ironman.
Was very medium to me. Well made. Certainly not bad technically. Great actors. Okay fights. but the script didn't keep my interest.
A really good tribute Chadwick Boseman Wakanda forever !
Terrible movie from start to end. This movie barley has any action scenes, story is super lame, no cool panther scenes, and they make Namor into a bit time WUSS even though in the comics he is is insanely strong. If your a fan of action movies with cool stories and character development then this movie IS NOT FOR YOU. Waste of time is what you'll get.
Just plain not very good. Twice as long as it should have been. Lazy writing. So many pointless scenes. No depth to any of the characters. Par for the course for recent MCU titles.
Well it was very sad I liked the characters but it was just sad and overall disappointing
There were some very cool parts to the movie but as a whole I just don't feel as if this movie should have been continued as "Black Panther." It barely felt like a tribute to Chadwick Bosman in any manner. Yes, there was a touching ending. But nothing overall, made me ever want to watch this movie again. It just wasn't very moving or inspiring.
Absurd, to look without deepening.
It is a shame the Black Panther actor was lost as he was a good actor in the role. This was entertaining but seemed very long. Interesting storyline and weveryone seemed to enjoy it.
9.5/10 Marvel never disappoints!
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a great tribute to Chadwick Boseman, it has amazing CGI, and all the characters are great. Recommend.
Even With All of The Heaviness Of The Absence of Chadwick Boseman, Black Panther Wakanda Forever Still Manages To Be A Thrilling and Emotionally Uplifting Tribute To One of The MCU's Most Beloved Worlds and Characters.
Script felt very last minute, also the introduction of certain characters seemed to be a footnote, belittling any notion of proper character development seen in past Marvel films.
Afwul enemy, stupid plot, characters are annoying. Don't like it at all
Although, Wakanda Forever had great graphics and the beginning storyline was good., However, I could never pledge allegiance with someone who killed my mother.   There was No apology. Not even mention of her. It would have been better if it were cookookan's second in command. The person who killed her would have to die. I will never watch a Wakanda movie again.
Im not a fan of a lot of things from this movie like: character Iron Heart, weird changing greatness of screen, music for some scenes. But this was a great tribute for Boseman, plot was good and CGI too.
I only like the story 👍🏾
I enjoyed the movie.  The tribute to Chadwick was very moving
The movie was just way too long and you could feel it being dragged throughout the movie and I don't know why namor seems more overpowered than anyone in the film
I loved this movie it really was amazing as told. And I mean Shuri's fighting skills don't underestimate her. The new suit I'm in love with.
I respect what they tried to do but it hurt not having Boseman RIP. It's still fairly enjoyable but not much action and it took forever to get a black Panther to the screen. Part of the story but lacked what the first one had.
BLACK PANTHER: WAKANDA FOREVER

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is the sequel to the highly successful Black Panther movie. It serves as a poignant tribute to the late Chadwick Boseman. To be honest, it's amazing how they were able to sustain the franchise in spite of Boseman's untimely demise.  Powerful performances from the main cast, especially Angela Bassett, who gloriously played the Queen of Wakanda. Great acting by Leticia Wright as Shuri, Danai Gurira as Okoye and Lupita Nyong'o as Nakia. The events of the movie led to a war between the Wakanda and Talokan. I loved how they presented Namor, in spite of the changes. For me, it was interesting to see him as a Mayan/Aztec. I understand why they didn't use Atlanteans, but I like how they kept the aesthetics. Costume design was beautiful for both tribes. The visual effects and battle sequences were amazing. I agree with the critics and fans that this movie is a great way to move the MCU forward. It's almost as great as its predecessor.
I enjoyed it other than the villain was questionable at times. 8.3 out of 10.
soooooooo disappointed.. was really looking forward to seeing this movie...  they could of just not made a sequel  and i would of been fine if i knew it would be this terrible/bad!  wish i could give it a Negative 10 stars
This film tried to live up to an incredible marvel film and fails miserably. The unfortunate circumstances of Chadwick Boseman's sudden death really took a toll on this film but there was still an opportunity for better acting and a much more enjoyable experience than what this film turned into. At the end of the day, hulk was recast why couldn't they have recast? Instead of putting an inexperienced young actress as the lead of a major film. They wouldn't have had to ruin the amazing movie that existed with quick rewrites. They still could have honoured Chadwick while recasting the role.
I liked it more than I expected. Sure, this sequel isn't as good as the first Black Panther, but I couldn't stop watching it for a second. I love how grief was approached here, and I love Zhuri's personality, though I don't think her character will ever be charismatic. This movie's villain stands out from the others and his backstory was very interesting.
LOVE IT, which I always do. I did not like Angela Bassett getting killed and the new characters coming in more powerful than the main characters. Zhuri did an ok job being Black Panther. If they make a part 3, I will be there.
this was terrible, i hate it! the only mcu movie i dont like and the only below 3 stars. i nearly fell asleep. this was, just, dont watch it.
Boring plot. Honestly it was a boring movie and I did not enjoy it at all. The CGI was messy and overall just a okay movie.
A wonderful send off to one of Marvels most beloved actors, while continuing the action and story with an amazing cast, and plot.
It had a rlly interesting plotline and made me emotionally invested.
everyone loved it! so good 😁
Great actors tried their best, but can't save directionless terrible writing
The single worst movie I have ever sat through.
Following the amazing first film, Ryan Coogler returned to direct the sequel of Black Panther, and I was excited to see what he could do with this one. Now the movie was dealt a devastating hand with the loss of Chadwick Boseman and they do a pretty good job of both honoring his legacy and character with respect (as they should) and moving the MCU's story into the future. Letitia Wright's Shuri was by far the best candidate to fill the shoes of the Black Panther and she is good in the role and holds a great on-screen presence. Angela Basset gives a very compelling performance, Danai Gurira gives another great performance as Okoye, and Winston Duke keeps bringing new and great energy to M'Baku. This movie falls short with both its villain and its runtime. The movie feels way too long, it takes way too much time to get from point A to point B and the time they spend getting there is almost meaningless. I wasn't a fan of Namor as a villain I think he was another poorly written villain in the MCU especially to compare him to one of the best villains in the form of Michael B Jordan's Killmonger, as they want us to feel sympathetic towards him and they never were able to fully get that across in a good and meaningful way like they did with the film's predecessor. This film definitely isn't the worst Marvel has put out as of late, but it falls short of being considered the best.
I love most of the Marvel movies and this one was certainly no exceptions. The underwater world was beautifully done and reminded me of the great special effects of Awayaman, which I also loved. Angela Bassett was outstanding!
Great Movie for remembering Chadwick, not as good as the first one but I like the story line and the actors together. RIP Chadwick. WAKANDA FOREVER!
Ryan Coogler balanced the movie very well and again created a potential antoganist. Pre climax was not that convincing except that the movie was good. Angela Bassett gave her best performance.
Vengeance has consumed us. We cannot let it consume our people.

SHURI will definitely bring something more of herself as the new black panther. Being seen as almost non-compliant and hesitant with all the rituals of her brother and the rest of the individuals surrounding her in Wakanda she managed to integrate herself and her people's customs in the later part of the movie. This is a new age for Wakanda as the Princess takes over. I enjoyed the movie. The very rich and vibrant colors, cinematography, and transitions really changed dramatically. The song choice was perfect; it made the story cohesive, making the audience feel the overall mood for each scene.
Amazing!! Loved every minute of it and so did my children!!!!
It's Avatar meets The Black Panther and Wakanda. Has it's moments of beauty and good action scenes but falls short of a top notch marvel movie. It's kind of somber without Chadwick and spoty at continuing the legacy at best. I don't see this as being a long running series with the cast and script like this. Might be and probably should be a farewell to the Black Panther movies sadly.
This movie put me to sleep.
This movie is just very forgettable. Not the worst movie ever but I found myself rooting for the "bad guys" the whole time because they made the Wakandans and especially Shuri so unlikeable
Absolutely brilliant and beautiful.  Empowering and full of hope.
Sequel to the original. Unfortunately due to the untimely death of Chadwick Boseman they had to write it starting with the death of his character within the first minute of the film. The film then follows his sister who is the new lead as she struggles to pick up the pieces of losing Wakanda's king and protector. Introduces the worst version of Namor ever.
I literally couldn't finish watching it. It was that bad.
This movie has no plot. It is a complete mess of random thoughts
Way to long not enough action boring plot it was really a pain in the ass to watch
As someone who hated the fourth phase of MARVEL this movie was a breath of fresh air. The cinematography was beautiful and it has some beautiful character moments. My only issue with the movie is Ironheart. She was terribly developed and her suit looks like it's from Power Rangers. Apart from that this movie is fantastic.
This was not worthy of Chadwicks fantastic performance.  A random teenage copycat iron man, clumbsy and cringeworthy dialogue and zero consistency.  Characters becom unstoppable gods one moment to easily defeated weaklings the next depending on what the plot needed at the time.  It felt like a bunch of 4 year olds took over the writing on this one and its really really sad.   Had such high hopes but for me the first one was without question far superior to this. Not just in acting but more importantly, in the writing.
Just awesomely satisfying one . Chadwick ❤️
This movie had very inconsistent tone and story points, this is the worst MCU movie to date
PC사상에 찌들음 게이 레즈비언은 마블영화 한편당 하나씩 나오는건가
Kinda boring not gonna lie.
Le premier film etait trés bien.
Celui là...BOF
it was good. but not as good as the first one.
One of the best sequels ever
The rating is way off. Easily one of the weaker marvel movies...
Another Great creation!
This film respectfully honors Chadwick Boseman and the actors bring real emotion to their performances.
It's not the worst MCU movie, but it is definitely up there.
It is definitely not boring, but it is very supid.
I think this movie has the biggest amount of plot holes in the entire MCU.
You are telling me 19-yo girl built an arc reactor and quantum computer from scrap parts? Fuck off film.
Honestly, the trailers didn't get my attention. Only went to see if it had any conection with future movies. My son was bored. Movie was OK until the ending. I should had waited for Disney+ release.
Amazing movie. Love how it paid tribute to the late actor who passed away with also having a new and making story line.
A beautiful tribute to Chadwick Boseman. Clearly filled with passion and heart from everyone involved. Angela Bassett, Letitia Wright, Danai Gurira, and Marvel newcomer, Tenoch Huerta shine.
one of the most anticipated marvel movies of the past year and my oh my it hold to the hype! i loved the movie. from the visuals to the cast and teh cultural representation this one provided, wakanda forever becomes a new breath in the mcu, while still having that characteristic marvel tone. i think they did chadwick justice by honoring his legacy and showing the grief and respect, not only the characters but the actors as well, have for that man. they introduce two main characters, namor and riri, and they do it in a very subtle manor, making it seem natural and effortless. it had comedic moments, dramatic scenes and just action masterpieces, that combined with their incredible costumes, made the energy vibrate through the screen. the sad tone was felt throughout the movie, but the emotion it encapsuled and the closure they all in the end was just very comforting. the special effects were used very wisely and the back story they gave to the underwater tribe was genious. i loved that they are merging the stories from the series with the ones from the movies, specially when it's done as good as it was seen in this film. the only down points i got from it were that apart from namor, the other underwater tribe people were mostly unseen and the fact that we didn't get a proper post credit scene. like what?! i live for that shit. anyways, this iconic cast was back and they gave us a movie enriched with traditions that trascended the multiverse and converged with the fiction this world provides. from political troubles to familiar bounds and people that become your chosen family, this one got to my heart and it didn't dissapoint at all! can't wait to see what's in storage for this characters next and how wakanda is going to evolve from the events of this cinematic gem <3
I watched this movie kill the favorite hero of so many black children and men over the span of his creation to honor the death of an actor (in a fictional setting) whose personality clearly wouldn't have wanted any part in that.
    The ppl handling the I.P. dont understand the importance of its  creation and this monetization of Boseman's passing to pivot to selling the costume and the setting cane at the cost of telling a coherent story all together.  Writing was abysmal even considering the circumstances. Pacing was poor and at times ground the movie to a halt. 
The villain was the only standout.
A great sequel that does a really good job of being something new but paying respect too. Definitely worth watching.
Wakanda Forever is a solid sequel to the original. Especially with everything happening behind the scenes. The fact that this movie stuck the landing is a triumph alone. Namor is dope and the changes made him more interesting to me as a non-namor fan.  I wish Talocan was more magic based than having vibrainium. The final battle could've been better & agent Ross feels pointless in this movie. Riri was dope, but I wish her role was smaller and M'Baku's role be bigger.
One of the better Marvel movies, with well-acted, well-written characters and rich world-building. The story is more interesting than most superhero films, and the opening scene is, for obvious reasons, very moving. However, the film suffers the common Marvel fault of being too long a film for the type of film it is, which saps the dramatic tension somewhat in the second act. Overall an enjoyable watch, just wish it had been shorter.
An absolutely great tribute to the late great chadwick boseman who will remain in our hearts forever. Easily one of the best phase four movie.
No respect for the death of a person.
Completely messed up Namor.
Bad plot.
Racism.
A disaster. They made Namor a joke. They exploited the death of an actor for money.
All to make a bad movie.
Very long winded and no where near as good as the first, and bad decision to make shuri the new black panther…
A solid tribute to Boseman.
Not as good as the first one. But good enough. Lots of action and great introduction to the Sub-Mariner.
Possibly the dumbest marvel film to date. Its weird how your supposed to support a bunch on racists and nationalist zeolites...in fact its exactly like the usa but we are supposed to like wakanda
The greatest 02 hours: and 41 minutes ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
completely nonsense. T'Challa's absence was notorious... Shuri doesn't suit as a hero, that new Ironheart's plot makes no sense... it looks the movie was written by someone who never read a comic
Very emotional, great fight scenes, and enjoyed the music. Unfortunately, the portrayal of Sub-Mariner was just wrong, even though the actor did a decent job. Also, why was the college girl introduced into the storyline? Just seemed forced and made zero sense. Also, why is the humor so bad in Black Panther movies? They try to be funny, but always miss the mark. Disney and the Marvel still can't find the magic of the original MCU.
Parem por aqui senão vão estragar.
dobry film do przeżycia żałoby, ładny i nawet głęboki, ma kilka dziur fabularnych, ale jest warty obejrzenia
A moving tribute that doesn't hold it back from a promising future for this franchise. Great cinematography and well-executed story.
Não me diverti, s di as lohos sao politizados demais, não foi um entretenimento
Poor plot and trying to hard-sell characters who nobody cares to audience.
The movie begins with no explanation about t'challa demise, Just the death..
The underwater tribes of namor has no tecnology but seem to have constantly cast scry on enemies, knowing Always exactly What happens. Also They dont linsten to reason...
Seem poorly written, looks like an old RPG Adventure which has only One solution, even tough there are smarter ones but were not considered by the author...
It was ok at best. Should have pushed it back longer to figure out what to do or just recast T’challa.
So boring I slept in the cinema. Story is terrible, characters are terrible, special effects are horrible, editing is terrible… nothing to save in this poor illustration of what's coming out of Hollywood productions.
You wouldn't think they could do worse than the first one but they managed to decuple the degree of what was already bad to an unwatchable experience.
Also, Marvel/Disney don't respect special effect artists anymore, for that alone I would give a negative score, 0.5 will do.
good but not great the first one was better.
Its one of the worst movies in MCU. The whole plot Is just nonsense. Only effects Are Done quite well.
A very visually stunning movie filled with pretty much nothing.  how it starts is how it ends by only introducing the equivalent counterpart of Nick Fury with motives of how easy it is to obtain a vibranium-made steel alloy shield
Muito longe de ser como o primeiro filme. Tentei ver 3 vezes, dormi nas 3
Like a lot of Marvel movies, it was probably a bit too long, but it was still one of the better comic book movies I've watched. Great homage to Chadwick.
The film is slow and is too focused on the lack of first Black Panther (Chadwick).
The last fight is ridiculous in some situations.
I expect that in the third film they will introduce new things.
Cool but this Namor is not Namor
This movie was boring. I payed more attention to the playpoint reaching the end of the screen rather than the actual movie.
Lose of focus, but still a good Wakanda movie.
Just excellent!

Loved Black Panther, and this is just as good, great stars, great action!
A Black Panther movie without Black Panther. I really wish that they would have done a recast for T'Challa. Overall, it's not a bad movie and they done the best they could have in the situation given. I miss the days of when the MCU would leave a lasting impression and you could talk with family and friends about the movie days after seeing it. Now most of the movies are forgettable as soon as the credits roll.
not as good as the first one, but still not bad!
Mediocre at best. Not terrible but still boring in places with weird action and I mean what the $@&@ is a water bomb a little stupid right. And to top it all off a so so so long run time. A big step down from the last movie but still good with great acting and dialogue along with it being meaningful and sometimes funny with good cgi still good but just not where it should have been.
Long, slow and the only Marvel movie I've considered stopping and finishing the next day. They tried to make scenes dramatic/meaningful but missed. Won't be rewatching this one.
It was fine, not a masterpiece, but a good enough film.
This was the best movie and is on the top of my favorite list, Recommend to watch this, effects are great!!
The loss of Chadwick Boseman is painfully felt. I feel like Shuri could be better written? I really liked her in previous movies but here... I don't know theres just something off putting here. I really liked Namor but he could be better written too. Riri was here for what reason? Nobody knows. Her costume was terrible CGI garbage. Entertainable and touching movie but I don't see myself watching it again at home on my laptop. On the good side the actress playing the queen acted the hell out of this role!
Another formulaic Marvel movie, this time with anti-Mexican bigotry.
The story lacks cohesion and is far too slowly paced. This didn’t need to be three hours long. Predicable story beats and underdeveloped characters make this a chore to watch. Considering how this is supposed to be such a pivotal chapter due to T’challa’s death, the movie fumbles on the tone it wants to set and has its characters perform asinine actions. This is the marvel formula the audience has been being fed for far too long.
It was not great as the first one but it was good. Even though there is no male protagonist, the movie delivered the vibe. Namor was good. Angela Bassett Performance was Oscar worthy. Rest in Power Chadwick Boseman.
Literally one of the worst movies ever made.
So good.  I didn't feel the run time at all.   They did the best they could without Chadwick.  Good action, couple really emotional scenes.  Very good !
Beautiful tribute, prepare your scarves, Namor best addition to the MCU.
Characters were not properly developed, and inconsistencies in the plot
magnifica, marvel siempre mostrando lo mejor de ellos.
A dreary waste of time that shames the fantastic first movie.
MID overall, it's just not the same with out Chadwick but I will say it is nice tribute to Chadwick Boseman, Rip to a legend
A beautiful continuation of the Wakandan story and a moving and tasteful way to deal with the tragic death of Chadwick Boseman. The runtime didn't drag at all, most action and all emotional beats were on point and Namor was the best villain in the MCU since Thanos. Visual Effects were mostly great and the cinematography work was fantastic. Can't fault it at all, I cried like three or four times. Watch it! It'll be worth it. The MCU we've been missing.
The movie bored the audience and failed to meet their expectations. 

The filmmakers attempted to blend drama and action, but they failed to capture the essence of either genre. Many scripted non-dockings. Especially, it is necessary to cut the line with an Iron Heart, which doesn't add value to the movie. There are no excellent actors as well.

There was certainly room for improvement in its execution. First part of BP was much better.
It just reminds me that if there's a fight there must be a reason for it, whether good or bad. Regardless, there must be enough loyal constituents to defend said reason.
Avengers: Endgame - at least the first segment of it - was a film about life in the wake of trauma and loss. For such a high-profileBut  film it was a boldly meditative, thoughtful way to go ... until the film pressed the Big Reset Button and it turned out that nothing means anything in this world. You can just undo the loss, and the MCU has been struggling ever since. 

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is also about grief, but for altogether more serious reasons. What was to happen after the tragic loss of the first film's star was an almost impossible decision; I have no doubt this film was made in good faith in regard to that situation. There was no easy route. But the result is a strangely patchy mess, a little of this and a little of that. Some impressive set pieces, an antagonist people whose superpower appears to be singing; on the other hand, some moving stuff and good performances. It's way too long. Way, way too long. Somewhat dull as a result. 

It was always going to be a hard film to make, and doubtless, the makers deserve a round of applause for getting it done at all. The result, however, is much like the MCU as a whole in recent times: adrift, aimless, devoid of real meaning.
Not quite a good action movie, not quite a great story, lazily written enemy and the stupidest military strategy since the Japanese invaded pearls harbour when choosing where to have the final battle. 
This could have been a much better film with some better writers because the cast all delivered their roles perfectly.
Awesome plot and action with many emotions
The best of phase 4. Tenoch as Namor is the best, he is not a villain, he is an antagonist with true motives. Angela bassett performs to win an oscar. Letitia wright complies but was not fantastic. The movie has quite an interesting plot. Good photography, music and production design. The bad point is Agent Ross and Riri feel forced.
I went into the theatre, ready to cry. The grief that was shown among the actors, was too real. It heavily influenced my overall enjoyment of the film, as I knew the actors were going through real moments of grief when they were crying and mourning on screen. I thought it was a beautiful tribute to Chadwick Boseman. Wakanda Forever.
Showed bad examples of how to be human
This movie spits in the face of Chadwick Boseman and dishonors his legacy as Black Panther. It additionally spits in the collective faces of almost all MCU fandom. A waste of a movie and storyline. SKIP IT the only reason it charted was because we expected so much more and got so much less! The only reason this was a "success" was because every fan went in hoping for Black Panther 2 and instead we got a weak and sad simulacrum of Black Panther this title should be Black Puma: Because we hate everyone who doesn't look like us, you are all horrible anyway, now give me your money or you are Ra**st!
Wow, it really was worse then the first. The tributes to Boseman were sweet and tasteful, but as a movie overall its weak. They had the material for such a better story, but it just ended up being boring. It has little to no momentum, emotionally or in excitement. The movie felt more invested in a mediocre plot rather then spending its efforts on character work which is sparse. I'd say skip it.
Fake namymooorrrrr is such a let down...
when Chadwick passed, they should have scrapped the sequel, was a mess all round.
This movie gave an emotional tribute to Chadwick Boseman. Very long but a very good film!
In Black Panther Wakanda forever, what really stood out to me was the music behind the death of the king. Directed by Ryan Coogler , actors such as Angela Bassett, Letitia Wright, Tenoch Huerta, and Lupita Nyongo. The actors in this movie portrayed heartbreak in a very strong way as this film is a sequel to the  to the first black panther movie but unfortunately, the death of Chadwick Boseman causes a stagnant, stop his franchise and shows the not just the viewer being hurt but the actors as well not just through the movie and the king, but in reality as well.
       The sequel Wakanda Forever is set to continue. The story of the fictional African nation of a condor following the tragic passing of Chadwick Bozeman in August 2020. Instead the film will focus on other characters and explore different aspects of Wakanda culture . No, Bozeman has not been recast; the decision was made to praise Chapel Bozeman Petrillo asked to Charla and he was a central success of the first film. Therefore, it's worth noting that we will forever face many challenges due to the passing of Chadwick Boseman. As the world around Wakanda finds the loss of the King hard,  the world sees it as a weakness of the nation as no protector, known as the black panther. As the world sees Wakanda, with no protector, they are on. They are searching for vibranium them as hard as they can, which leads to another nation known as Talokan that has vibranium was well  and it causes nation conflicts and war between Wakanda and Talokan.
well written story with good performances.
The Mayan/Aztec civilization was cool. But the writing and story was just thin and weak. Didn't feel inspired.
So many things wrong with this movie. Wanna be iron man chick. The movie was better without the black panther. Could have took the black panther out the name. Just made it about them as a nation instead. She makes a horrible black panther. She looks like captain america before he became him when he was skinny. Lol! They should have just made Michael B. Jordan be Black Panther.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever stands out from other Marvel projects by letting us feel our emotions and sympathize with characters without being interrupted by jokes, and the visuals are beautiful. Surprisingly, a lot of the jokes hit.
This Movie is just hype. Big meh
An incredibly emotional tribute to Chadwick Boseman that keeps you in the moment and satisfyingly concludes a messy phase four.
Confusing plot and kind of slow moving.
I felt every second of this movie and the lack of a real lead in Chadwick, by the end of it all I was bored and in disbelief with how stupid and lack of consistency.
A beautiful and heartbreaking movie with great performances all around.
Movie was alright, felt a little too long in my opinion, and I would also like to see a little bit more action throughout the film, overall not bad.
If you really really really liked the first one I'd recommend it, otherwise it's just another Marvel movie.
Black Panther : Wakanda Forever is in my opinion the third-best MCU Movie from Marvel Phase 4. The Effects and the CGI in Wakanda Forever are unbelievably good, so also the Story! The movie also gives Chadwick Boseman, who played Black Panther in 2018, a gorgeous End of his Era as Black Panther (RIP). Letitia Wright, who plays Black Panther in Wakanda Forever, acted so well and embodied Black Panther very well. I'm very excited to see her again as Black Panther in future Marvel Projects. All-in-one is the Movie very aesthetic and has beautiful moments. Because it's and very good and gorgeous Movie, it gets 4,5/5 Stars of me!
This is a bad movie that was milking a tragedy in all the wrong ways. Should have recast like Bozeman wanted.
I'm a huge Marvel fan so I'm a bit biased but this is very good for an MCU movie. At times it felt that Shuri shouldn't really be the main character not because she's a bad character, or because the actor did badly or whatever, but she was supposed to be a side charecter and just doesn't really fit the spotlight. Still, this was a great movie, and paid excellent tribute to Chadwick Boseman!
I liked the reimagined character of Marvel's Sub Mariner - nice ☺️ remembrance of actor Chadwick Bosemen.
Very bad plot and does not reprecent what the comics once told.
Loved the film and themes! RIP Chadwick
Good farewell from Chadwick Bosewin & overall nice visuals
It's sad to say goodbye to Chadwick both as a person and an actor but I think Marvel did as good of a job as they could to send him off respectfully. However, the movie itself was just boring and overall the plot didn't make much sense. The whole thing just felt like we weren't supposed to question anything. The current phase of Marvel is so disappointing compared with the phases leading up to Infinity War.
It was not what I was expecting. The story line was boring and had no depth, it was cheesy and exaggerated, and the whole film kind of just felt like a parody. It was semi-watchable however, I would not watch it again. Very disappointed in Marvel recently.
mediocre movie with less than stellar performance, and way too much CGI.
Minha opinião: Um dos melhores filmes de heróis de 2022, mas não quer dizer que esta entre os melhores da historia. Mais fraco que o 1º, teve o sepultamento de @chadwickboseman honrando a sua historia. Mas neste filme há mais um sepultamento. Um filme bem produzido com sua cores e fotografia. Mas os produtores fumaram um belo de um basead0, com a estoria de Namor. Namor na estoria de quadrinhos vem de um relacionamento de uma Atlante e ser humano, acho que para não parecer ser a mesma estoria de #Aquaman Colocaram Namor como um índio asteca, maia,...... que foram contaminados com vibranium. Ficaram azuis e metapeixes. Não sei oque comentar. Então aquele Namor dos quadrinhos se tornou um índio voador e peixe. Piada. A nova Pantera Negra é Lititia, todo aquele ritual para o 1º filme, aqui tudo isso foi ignorado e simplesmente ela se transformou. Uma outra gande gafe do filme e quando Lupita que para descer até o habitat de Namor teve de usar um traje especial por causa da pressão que a mataria, mas quando ela salva a princesa, sobe a superfície sem precisar do traje. 
Roteiro e enredo realmente a traição para estoria do Namor e como o transformaram, foi sim um ultraje. A forma como levado a batalha no navio, foi patético. Uma hora é um Super criatura, mas depois se tornam lutadores irrisórios.
Vale apena assistir? Sim, mas desde que não seja tão critico para não se frustar.
Nota: 8 sem ser critico, 6 sendo critico
One of the best marvel movies I've seen!
Boring but the visuals are great
Desde su comienzo, la forma tan abrupta y carente de emoción en la que nos explican la pérdida de T'Challa hace que esta película se sienta desconectada de su predecesora. 

La introducción del reino de Talokan prometía una buena trama, pero lamentablemente la inexperiencia del director hizo que esa trama esperada no fuera ni la sombra de lo que pudo ser. 

Por otra parte la película está repleta de fallos propios de amateurs, como los paupérrimos efectos visuales, las vestimentas ridículas (especialmente los trajes insulsos que me hacen recordar a los "Power Rangers"), el humor en toda la película carece de cualquier gracia, y por último, el desenlace de la película fue extremadamente cliché. Sin duda, un completo desastre! 

La primera vez que la vi, tuve que retirarme de la sala antes de que acabara porque resultaba realmente desagradable. La segunda vez que la vi, me propuse verla hasta el final y la agonía fue la misma de la primera vez. Una muestra más de que Marvel va cada vez más en declive.
Some new ideas added to the typical marvel heroes movie. Also, some african and central american folklore added.
An awesome tribute to Chadwick Bozeman, I was worried that Marvel couldn't pull it off without him. In many ways, it was better than the first. The Aztec-Native American look was amazing, the villain was good. Angela Basset got snubbed!
Comparado a alguns filmes anteriores da MARVEL, este não é ruim.
Gostei da arte, e como ele foi se desenvolvendo, porém não brilhou muito meus olhos, mas o filme é legal.
Conseguiu honrar o Pantera Negra.
it is good but the the previous movie is much better
The flying Mayan guy was just a little too much for me. No one could be that agile flying around in the sky just because of tiny wings on their ankles
This film takes its time in the first 2/3rds and i like that but it feels like it might have been a bit too slow as the climax feels rushed.
A must see. I saw it several times in theaters.
schrekliche fortsetzung .....
die ersten 5 minuten sind schön da sie boseman gwidmet sind
der rest ..... cgi ist schlecht .... ironman kopie is grauenvoll ..... und im ganzen sehr unstimmig .
kein bedarf an teil 3
A worthy sequel that gives an entertaining story while paying tribute to Chadwick Boseman, but there are moments that can be seen as underwhelming.

Rating: 65%
Cinematically absolutely amazing. Great Actors, beautiful Directing and Camera work, cool and well done Effects and CGI. The story is nothing for the emotionally weak thought. For me it was to much sadness and despair and not enought comic relief. If you love the big drama and don't mind finishing a movie without a happy feeling in the end than it will be perfect for you, but if you don't want to leave the movies crying and slightly depressed maybe opt for the first movie instead.
Realmente um filme fraco...
It's Sucks And The Worst!
The movie was not worth watching. The visuals and the writing in this movie are awful and there is not a lot of fighting scenes. They further develop the characters but has a lot of filler time with the CIA agent. He provides nothing to the movie and should really be taken out. The new vibranium deposit doesn't fit into the story and overall doesn't make sense. The CGI is horrible in the movie and I could clearly spot out certain spots of the movie that were poorly done. Marvel wants to hasten the production of movies, but make their contents horrid. The past few Marvel movies have been like this. Marvel step up your game!!!
Very good sequel, great tribute to Boseman at the beginning (silent). The BEST phase 4 MCU movie thus far
This movie was a really great and an emotional grabbing film. Letitia Wright was Wonderful as Shuri and I really liked that she was the main character of this film. Some problems I have is that sometimes the movie just feels like I,m watching a bunch of side characters that don't feel like Black Panther to me. Also the choice of who was the new Black Panther I didn't love but it was still okay for me. Also Angela basset was phenomenal as Queen Ramona. Over all a wonderful film that tackles greef and pain and is a must watch just don't expect it to be as good as the first Black Panther but over all a great time and other MCU winner.
I did not expect this movie to be that great, characters were written amazingly and with much depth in their conflicts. Visually it was so, SO beautiful, the shots, the visual effects, the costumes - all that was just a beauty to watch and I could just do that, but then I would miss the music and sounds which were totally epic as well. This movie is also very rich story-wise and has a clever humor. Overall it's amazing and feels very fresh, which I (not for a first time) thought was impossible, but marvel once again came up with a gem and proved me wrong.
Amazing Angela Bassett killed it
Shedding tears in theaters, very emotional.
This was not good.  I was indifferent going in, but wow was it bad.  I know people who loved Black Panther, & thought it wasn't good. Which is telling.

I'm kinda shocked the reviews are so high.  Did anyone watch this & think, "can't wait to watch that again!!!"  I feel like an 84/94 review split is that type of movie; one you can't wait to watch again.  God bless whoever feels that way about WF.  I could barely get through one sitting.  There's no way I'm watching it again 😅.
Cut down the runtime so it's not almost 3 hours, and it would be even better than the first Black Panther.
Le film est beau visuellement mais c'est plus un hommage à l'acteur décédé qui ma quand même ému sur la fin que un vrai film marvel.
Angela Bassett is superb, but the film is over-hyped.
Nino sin amor? Namor… what an IDIOTIC explanation.     It ruined a really cool way of integrating Maya culture, completely blew it.     IronHeart?    so, this girl just makes a suit becomes battle ready over night… yawn      dont get me started recreating Tony's Iron Man one built scene.      this movie sucked…
This is going on my list as the second worst Marvel movie, second only to Eternals.

The CGI in this movie is bottom of the barrel. The movie run time is seriously stretched, with nothing happening that warrants it. The action is laughably bad. The characters are shallow and uninteresting. There is 0 character development, everyone just starts out at maximum, so they have no arch.

I was so excited when this was first announced as Namor had potential to open up a whole new world and be a total bad A$$. Talk about subverted expectations.

Disney has finally derailed the Marvel train, and this is probably the last Marvel movie I will even bother to watch as Ant Man looks even worse, and nothing in Phase 5 looks remotely interesting other than Blade (which by the sounds of it is being ruined as well). Well done Disney, well done.
Fast-paced Wonderful action and extremely emotional
Boring, repetitive, and sanctimonious.  Yuck!
Just awful. 3 hours of crying and self-importance. One and a half action scenes. Zero joy or laughter. Reviews are shocking. Haven't met one person who enjoyed this.
After Chadwick Boseman's unexpected passing in August 2020, director Ryan Coogler found himself faced with the mammoth task of trying to craft a soulful send off for a true king, while also building off the success and world of 2018's "Black Panther". The acclaimed director steps up to the seemingly impossible challenge of trying to make a film without its most integral character, but Coogler manages to exceed expectations, crafting a poignant and thoroughly entertaining film. "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" draws out stellar performances from its cast and introduces marvel audiences to new threats these beloved characters face. 

After King T'Challa's death, Queen Ramonda (Angela Bassett), Shuri (Letitia Wright), and the entire kingdom of Wakanda find themselves mourning their admired leader. But with world powers becoming increasingly frustrated with Wakanada's refusal to share their precious Vibranium, they decide to take matters into their own hands. Their search inadvertently angers Namor, king of an ancient underwater kingdom known as Talokan. Determined to keep his kingdom safe and hidden, Namor asks Wakanda to find the scientist responsible for creating the machine finding the Vibranium. But, as tensions rise between the two nations, will Namor's desire to wage war on the surface world, and keep his kingdom and his people safe, wipe out Wakanda as we know it?
 
Ryan Coogler directs a moving depiction of grief and loss with such tenderness that solidifies him as the perfect man to direct the film. Coogler takes Boseman's absence and builds off of it in such a way that audiences wouldn't think possible, delivering an outstanding sequel to one of last decade's most culturally significant films. "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" manages to escape Marvel's curse of mediocre sequels, majorly surpassing films like "Thor: The Dark World" and "Avengers: Age of Ultron". With its ability to juggle its multiple themes and its duality of being an entertaining action flick with a suitable send off for a king, the film is a strong way to end phase four of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 
Angela Bassett reprises her role as Queen Ramonda and delivers a powerful and vivid performance. Bassett flawlessly proves she deserves the Oscar nomination she received for her performance as the Wakandan queen, and quickly asserts herself one of the highlights of the film. Letitia Wright also delivers a fantastic performance, not only does she shine as Shuri, but the BAFTA nominee also brilliantly steps into the role of Black Panther with ease. Both women do a stellar job encompassing their characters' intense grief and emotion Tenoch Huerta makes his MCU debut in the film, bringing the aquatic character of Namor to the screen. The "Narcos: Mexico" actor brings the menacing villain to life with an assured performance that allows Namor to be an ominous new threat while also introducing audiences to a whole new part of the Marvel Universe. Huerta's turn as Namor benefits from Ryan Coogler and Joe Robert Cole's impressive worldbuilding when it comes to the underwater world of Talokan. As well as introducing audiences to a new villain, "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" also finally brings the character of Riri Williams (a.k.a Ironheart) into the MCU. Dominique Thorne ("If Beale Street Could Talk") easily slips into the role as the gifted MIT student, injecting energy into the character even if at times her inclusion seems like a bit of a plot device. 

Much like its 2018 predecessor, the film features stunning cinematography that brilliantly highlights both the intricacies of the costumes as well as the elaborate sets of Wakanda, while also making the film a visual feast for the eyes. Autumn Durald Arkapaw ("Loki") crafts stunning imagery that rivals the cinematography of the first film, while also escaping the curse of Marvel's bland cinematography. Ludwig Göransson returns to the world of Black Panther with yet another incredible score. Working his magic once again, the Swedish composer, who won an Oscar for his work on the first Black Panther film, composes a score full of the work of talented African and Latin artists alongside grand classical pieces. Like "Black Panther", this film is accompanied by a soundtrack comprised of songs specifically written for the film by a myriad of artists from across the globe. Artists like Stormzy, Future, and Rihanna have their songs included in the film, with the latter writing two songs for the film.

As well as being technically impressive, "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" also ends up managing its complex themes with remarkable ease. Ryan Coogler weaves ideas of loss, grief, family and legacy into the narrative without allowing them to overpower the film, but including them in the film in such a tasteful way. The film is both an affecting send off for a king, and a stellar instalment in the ever-expanding MCU. In typical Marvel fashion, the film does include the standard mid-credit scene but departs from the tradition of using it to set up a future film or introduce a new villain, instead choosing to carry on the legacy of Boseman's character in a heart-warming and unexpected way. 

Ryan Coogler directs an outstanding film that manages to thoroughly entertain viewers, while also showcasing a fitting send off to Chadwick Boseman. Despite the hefty runtime, "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" is loaded with intense action and heart-breaking emotion that keeps audiences engaged throughout, and sticks with you long after the credits have rolled.
Although it is not as good as the original one, we don't really need to compare them that much. It is a heartwarming tribute to Boseman's star role, and this story also feels fresh and it works on its own. As always with this universe, the characters, music, costume designs, visual effects, edition, performances, dialogues and much more elements all work together and create one of the best films that Marvel Studios has delivered recently. The cultural aspect is amazing as well and I enjoyed it profusely.
really good; i wasn't overly excited about the sea people per se -- not because of the characters themselves, because they were quite cool, but i felt like their war with Wakanda didn't really make much sense. it did, but it also didn't. idk. however i loved the tribute in the beginning & how they tied things up at the end. it was a necessary installment & they exectued it really really well.
The movie from the beginning is disgusting seeing the girl bald headed like this American movie not african. Be more modern ideal girl style. So I turn it off I got a bag   barfed . we are all from different cultures so seeing that was gross.
Chadwick Boseman became the Black Panther. He welcomed us to Wakanda. Outside, he remained as his character inspiring others. After "Endgame", he stood by Kevin Fiege in formally announcing "Black Panther II". Then a year later, he has become one within the Ancestral Plane. He was so great in embracing the role he could not be replaced, no matter if there are potential storylines for T'Challa to explore and grow. He owned the role by bringing him to life, and other portrayals afterwards followed his humane lead. We have seen recasts through the MCU, and they carried the characters well despite still missing the original star, but it is not the same on someone so incredibly definitive and personally close to the role till suddenly gone. The show still went on, for a reason to make him proud rather disappoint nor replace him, and "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" became methodically personal, transcending above the MCU like an evolutionary cinematic piece.

Chadwick died of colon cancer, only known by very few people being aware of his silent struggle over his final few years as he tackled projects and roles with 110% effort that finalizes his legacy while checking off some sort of bucket list. This real-life loss was integrated into the revised story. Originally, it was about T'Challa's grip on time after being blipped for five years, dealing with the political climate and his role as a father. Now in the given revision that acts as remembrance, Wakanda grieves over the sudden loss of their king that stirs intervening world powers to obtain their ancestrally cherished resources for their gain. With another nation, hidden from the world, threatening to surface war, Queen Ramonda must protect what is left of her family as Shuri is prolonging her grief, while the Wakandans as a whole strive to embrace this next chapter that would forge a new path for their kingdom. They will stand and fight, chanting T'Challa's call: Wakanda Forever!

Already acknowledged out of preparation that this experience will differ without Boseman's outstanding energy, this became a very touching spiritual tribute that finely functions as closure on any sort of grief while somewhat. "Wakanda Forever" is not only your typical fashion of exceeding expectations, but it also became more than the MCU. To clarify, the interconnected films are mostly great in their own ways, some riveted only to the minimum four stars with questionable lows, as they embrace cinematic roots adjacent to their vast comic mythology while recognized as comic book adaptations. Only three features he directed priorly, storyteller Ryan Coogler continues expanding his craft from grounded "Fruitvale Station" to uplifting revival in "Creed" to culturally assimilated "Black Panther" whereas more topics are involved and thoroughly debated, further provoking thoughts. This is his fourth feature, ranking equally with the predecessor, and he achieved what any director sought through an artistically astonishing film. Uniquely presented, aesthetically distinctive apart from others, this is about a grieving assortment of well-established characters displaying their true strengths from experiencing losses and finding the courage to move on while protecting their nation from another with history under mirrored morality as counter reflection.

Thematic communication in the narrative veins not only discusses grief next to family but also talks about power and sanctuary peace – as well empathetic royalty. These discourses became supportive structures in constructing the script under such thoroughness, they were thoughtfully written then remarkably executed as their own arguments with counterarguments fleshed out developmentally, continuing the politicism and switching around the questioned legacies that defined the first film as T'Challa became king. The wisdom he shared since "Civil War" is silently referenced under subtexts. If Boseman was still alive, grief would have been swapped with time as the only difference between the possible original vision and the final result. But then we would not have the emotionally difficult conflict that Shuri faces and how she connects with the film's antihero Namor's humanity through her inner struggle of unwillingness to let go. This is one of the two films' strongest elements since Wakanda is a hidden, invaluable nation that is advanced across technology and intelligence carefully treads unlike most others, till their considerable weakness under elitism when keeping outsiders from setting foot inadvertently open the setting to our reality. Hence how they are thematically driven with pivotal ideas spread out.

Another elemental prominence that powers the themes is the emotional drive from the powerful performances, which is another bolstering source in its transcendent. As we explore the characters more, particularly both returning and introduced, they evolve towards newfound strength. Angela Basset as Ramonda is not just a mother, Letitia Wright as Shuri is not just a supportive intelligent sister who can fight, Lupita Nyong'o as Nakia is not just a love interest, Danai Gurira as fierce, traditional warrior Okoye is not just a loyal captain, and Winston Duke as M'Baku is not just a rebellious brawn for connective power. They become more, and the cast embrace their respective transformation, or better to describe it as a chance to explore more of their strengths and how to climb back up. They performed exceptionally, while Wright, Basset and Gurira in particular performed at their best when most charged, while one other performance is a satisfying surprise.

Wright is the main star as she has been poised to take over the mantle, with reluctance hindered by grief over self-shame of failing to heal her brother (they bonded like true siblings in real life), held the film up with heightened caliber depicting raw emotions through her character's growth. She still has that humorous charm like everyone else, but this film dims more serious considering the stakes and how they pressure them down from fragility to truism. While Wright's performance is heartrending from the start then as an enjoyable presence till she mustered her resonating inner strength outwardly, her filmic mother figure Basset acknowledges her character is on the same boat and personally amplify it with a mesmerizing performance that solidifies the film's overall powerfulness as an emotional staple capably peaked. Her best scene may have been almost entirely glimpsed in the trailer – rightfully predicted towards her coming accolades, but the whole scene has proper buildup and a tearfully strained start. She was striking down on Gurira over a failed mission, and Gurira's keeps a stoic stance with constant fierceness and humor, but that moment broke her and brought out who she is within as a hefty representation for lined warriors.
The early reviews have to be fake. This movie is terrible.
A disappointing sequel and a disrespect to both Boseman's charachter and Namor.
Great movie rip T'Challa
Can't believe people rate this movie so high, those people has bad taste in movie or can't tell a good entertaining movie from just wasting time movie, it one of the worst movie in history. Bad scripts writing and no entertainment value. Main characters lacks any substance, actually you probably won't even know who the main character. The only good part was the ending of the long movie .
It was similar in quality to the first Black Panther movie, although it obviously loses something without the late Chadwick Boseman. Considering it's a sequel without the title character from the first film, they did a great job at making it entertaining under the circumstances. If you liked the first Black Panther film, you'll probably enjoy this as well.
I watched this on its release date, because I was just dying to see how they would be able to make a sequel without Chadwick, and it wasn't so bad. I mean, it wasn't as good as the first one, but I was not bad too. Angela Basset is stunning, she should have won that Oscar, because the dedication put into this character is on another level.
This movie was cliche and boring. The plot was silly and many of the characters feel awkward and cringe worthy. I’m not sure who the target audience of this film was because it’s far too graphic for children and offers nothing for adult audiences.
More of the same-a Marvel action movie with a bloated plot, lost of special effects, and a royal succession in Wakanda.
One of the best sequels of any MCU entry; Wakanda Forever honors the legacy of Chadwick Boseman. The film does an amazing job of representing the cultures present within the film and accurately portrays the dynamics within each of them. While the scoring is a bit lacking compared to the first movie, the beautiful cinematography, stunning costume design, and phenomenal acting more than make up for it. That being said, Letitia Wright's performance as Shuri falls slightly flat when compared to previous appearances. Despite Black Panther (2018) leaving sizable shoes to fill, the film definitely shows it can hold its own. 
Check out our Podcast on YT and Spotify for a more in-depth look on our review👍🏽
Best movie of Phase 4. handled Chadwick's passing with grace
The film is for one viewing, in some places I even scrolled it. Very loses with the first part. Computer special effects no longer surprise anyone, and the acting is unfortunately standard (
Wasnt completely terrible but had some big issues. Took an existing character in Namor and made him weird. Why was Martin Freeman even in it? Wasnt Wakanda landlocked? How does the guy with plate in his lip eat? It is a movie that seems to have no consequences and no baring on the MCU. Bit of a grind to get thru.
Love it so much. The silence moment gives me goosebumps.
made me cry 😢  were going to miss u
Extremely moving memorial they did in the beginning of the movie for Chadwick. The whole theater was silent. They really did an amazing job keeping his legacy alive.
A masterpiece, from the beginning to the end and even post credit. 
Goosebumps during 3 hours straight, design, graphics, costumes, antagonists, musics, 0 flaws.
I really wanted to love this movie. I'd read all the amazing write ups about it, so my hopes were sky high. 
But its a case of the emperors new clothes. It was always going to be difficult to walk in the first movies shadow, with the passing of the main star, big shoes to fill etc. 
I found it all underwhelming and I am so gutted. I guess the beauty of the movies is that you can't please all of the people all of the time. I thought the action was lacklustre, and the story wasn't that great either, i got all the nice messages and sentiments within the film, but it didn't hold my interest like the first movie. It lacked a really good villain too.  I really hope marvel aren't losing their way, but I feel fatigued by the MCU at the moment.
Incredibly boring movie.
Buena película, una secuela que cumple y que en mi opinión (ya que no me gusto mucho la primera) supera a la anterior cinta. Ryan Coogler logra hacer una secuela a la altura, el inicio es simplemente perfecto, la película es más una despedida a Chadwick Boseman, de ahí se me hizo muy inteligente que el conflicto interno de los protagonistas se base en la perdida, Shuri con T'Challa y Ramonda, y Namor el vengar la memoria de su mamá. El villano a mi me gusto, creo que tiene una buena motivación y cierra muy bien el personaje al final de la cinta, para mi fue de lo mejor. Por otro lado, cada montaje de la película tiene una obra de producción impresionante, cada escena es un deleite visual que junto a una fotografía con tintes naturistas combinada con una banda sonora perfecta, cada soundtrack te introduce en este mundo, Ludwig Göransson una vez mas demuestra su gran talento. Angela Bassett se roba la película, su impecable forma de extenuar sus sentimientos son los que le dan el peso que necesita esta película para funcionar, los actores son los encargados de navegar junto al espectador en los sentimientos de estos personajes, ellos son los que le dan vida a esta película que a diferencia de otras en la saga en esta se explora el lado mas humano de los mismos, sus propias inseguridades y hasta en su egoísmo, cosa que Letitia Wright y Tenoch Huerta hacen a la perfección. Hay aspectos que no me cerraron, ya que tiene cosas que no logran sentirse naturales, como la sobre exposición del conflicto que es muy notorio en las escenas de Valentina y Everett. Por otro lado, el ritmo es bastante lento y la duración de la cinta no acompaña nada, le sobran bastantes escenas con cosas que se podrían haber resuelto en un tiempo mas corto. Los efectos especiales, sobretodo en el aspecto de Black Panther, en el que ya en la anterior película en las escenas de pelea parece un videojuego. El personaje de Shuri esta vez ya convertida en Black Panther no me gusto tanto, me gustaron mas personajes como Okoye, Ramonda, Iron Heart, o M'Baku por ejemplo. En conclusión, una buena película, me parece muy larga y con un ritmo lento, cosa que no ayuda mucho a la cinta, pero hay cosas como el villano o la historia que cuenta que me gustaron bastante y no me parece que sea una mala cinta. La recomiendo.
I didn't hate it, but there were so many issues. It was clear which parts were re-shoots by the difference in lighting, stationary cameras, and pointless add in shots that didn't do anything for storyline.
no conecte con esta película la primera vez de verla ,tuve que verla 3 veces para acostumbrarme no tener a chadwick en la película ,se siente su ausencia ,excelentes vestuarios ,estéticas y ambientación culturalmente apreciable con la cultura ficticia pero a la vez real de wakanda (áfrica) y talokan (mesoamericana) ,gran trabajo de angela basset como ramonda una riri williams carismática y disfrutable y un tenoch como namor interesante ,lastimosamente para mi letitia wright no cabe en el papel protagónico para suplantar a chadwick y su carisma
One verified warrior was great. The spoiled daughter using tech to become a warrior is stretching it. The poor genius who happens to have all these gadgets without the work and money of a Tony Stark ruined it for me.
much more boring than the previous movie. Far too many progressive pamphlet topycs that makes the movie seems twice longer than it is. Nothing to do with the great original Black Panther.
It's so emotional I cried more than twice and had a great time watching it
Terrible! No substance or depth while lacking in quality writing, direction and acting. This should have been left alone with the magic of Chadwick! Shame (period)
Great movie. Rest in peace Chadwick [*] ❤
It hurts me as a person of color to say how terrible this movie was. Good visuals for the most part. Terrible plot. And even worse casting of characters. Lol Namor was just a joke.a slightly entertaining waste of 3 hours of your life you will never get back.
Just not a good movie. Too long and actually bit boring.
Namor was a great villain but it’s just a slow slow build.
The first Black Panther was the best(in my opinion) MCU film and one of the best superhero, comic book, and overall movies of all time. The sequel manages to introduce new characters with great character depth, dig deeper into other characters from the first film, and tell an immensely profound story. Chadwick Boseman would be proud.
aburrida, se hace larga, y lenta, no llegas a conectar con todos lo personajes, menos entender su acciones.
Ok movie, but way too long. I loved how they honored the character of T'Challa, and  the villain was one of the best I've seen in recent Marvel movies, but aside from that, it was a 2 star film. Also, the character of Ironheart is super annoying and unbelievable. In the comics, she steals the Iron Man suit, in the movie she makes her own in a local garage. Really? And MIT is the equivalent of a middle school in Wakanda. Really?
Best marvel movie of 2022, but still think the first one is better
A truly mesmerizing homage to Chadwick Boseman, BPWF is filled with a powerful cast, superb acting abilities, and a scenario that picks up so beautifully well from its predecessor. This one is a real treat!
Made no sense that an other civilization similar to Wakanda, with access to same viburnum couldn't be equal to Wakanda. They had to put them down not show them equal.
Loved it. Great character arc story. Lots of tragedy and loss, in a moving story that still felt sad to me, like a tribute and continued palpable mourning of Mr Boseman.
Appreciated the tribute to Chadwick Boseman at the beginning and the end (I'd thought about leaving the movie when I thought it was over but so glad that I stayed).
Well done by all of the actors and cinematography but really dislike seeing sooooo much violence.  Reminds me a little of "Avatar, the Way of Water".
Currently movies are made to please minorities, they don't care about the quality of the film.
Didn't enjoy. Rip Chad, you a G dawg
I think they did a great job on the movie due to the circumstances that they were put in, great tribute to Chadwick I like that they did it throughout the movie and not just at the beginning to get it over with and also a great way to end the movie on the end credits scene as well I'll be looking for number 3.
I really expected something better, the first one seemed boring and this one was the same
it was very sad but it is amazing movie and I love it
Kinda sucked—The sequel is predictable, hackneyed, forced, plodding, and offers nothing new to the canon other than fodder for easily-pleased masses.
great story and different.
The intentions with the film were good, but the entire film is built on mourning and loss.  And it stays there for all 3 acts.  Characters forced into it, ridiculous subplots.  The best was Namor and Killmonger.
Repetitive screenplay -- outside of Angela Bassett 's great acting --- physically exhausting to watch. Tribute to Chadwick showed he could never be replaced. Came away feeling it was too long and as the viewer was trying to fill in the blanks.
Disappointed as a sequel, but okay movie alone.
Why the all one color? It's 2023!
The storyline was great, the cgi was great, and the sounds were lifelike.
eh. it didn't suck too much. was about 40 minutes too long. Kinda boring in spots and the acting was not very remarkable.
Not the best MCU but definitely not the worst. They made a good introduction to Namor and the Talokans. Also, a great tribute to Chadwick
A bit long, but a wonderful adventure and tale with a profound intention for peace
Muito fraco, muito lento, um desperdício.
While a great tribute to Boseman, this film struggles to move the story forward with a purpose for its existence. Suri does well taking up the mantle, but what future do we have? The film is bad, but it also has nothing to long for like the 1st entry had.
They did the best they could without Chadwick Boseman. I think the film would hold up better if Namor weren't written to be so stupid.
Not very interesting, very few memorable moments, ill paced and I can only think of two parts I liked in the entire movie.
The movie is not so great ..why did y'all decide to imitate Atlantis,the present queen accent doesn't suit the chant of wakanda forever…but other than that…it's good
There were moments that worked that made you want to forget the ones that didn't.
Pantera Negra 2 é um bom filme, mas apresenta vários pontos fracos como o CGI em certas partes e na parte final do filme um roteiro preguiçoso, é um ótimo filme para assistir com a família em m final de semana a tarde.
The first have of this movie was so interesting, what a shame that the second part felt so conventional.
the movie is so bored the battles epic
An excellent and sad follow up to the first one.  As we pay our respects to a great actor and a great man Chadwick Boseman.  My own issue with the villain of Namor.  I don't mean changing his kingdom from Atlantis.  I can totally understand that.  Since when they appeared in the comics Marvel and DC loved ripping each other off in ways that can't result in lawsuits.  Like the name Atlantis is public domain. But today it's still pubic domain but will end up in unflattering comparisons.  But my problem is he's basically underwater version of Killmonger.  Motive wise.  It's a minor nitpick to a marvelous movie.
This movie did not have the feel of a Marvel movie without the titular character. Writers tried to do to much with too little. No strong protagonist. Introduction of Namor and the Mayan connection were clumsy and not well written. Angela Basset's performance was strong but her role was also under-developed, which may be why she lost the Oscar to JLC.
Under the circumstances. This was still a great film.
What a hot mess! Plot structure's all over the place and unfortunately, without Chadwick's screen presence and ability. The rest of the top billed cast just can't drag this over the line…
When I started watching MCU, I imagined it will be horrible. For teenagers in the lower bracket of mind capacity. It was not so bad - I actually enjoyed it up to Endgame. However, it is now. This is what I expected when I was thinking "horrible" - what Wakanda Forever offers us. More of the same, CGI which is good but normal now, broken physics, lame characters, lame dialogue, lame story.
As a Latino, If you're gonna make a movie with 2 warring cultures that mirror or draw heavily from real world cultures, don't make one pathetic and the other beating it down, it's offensive how pathetic they're portraying us. Messy plot aside (seriously, this is obviously a mini series they haphazardly cut into a movie), you made the bad guys Latin Atlanteans (super cool) then had them stomped out worse than any villain in Marvel movie history. There's more that sucked, but thats what made me angriest
The acting and music in this movie was so good and there wasn’t a dry eye in the theater I was in afterwards. Such an amazing tribute to Chadwick!
This movie was okay, just really out-stretched and boring.
Masterpiece! Black Panther was always a top tier Marvel MCU movie, but this was just as well. Great send off for Chadwick but his character does not consume the movie. Its the women who are the stars here. SO good on so many levels. Acting, scenery and my goodness...THE MUSIC hits at the right times.
A towering tour-de-force that builds on the powerful legacy of its predecessor.
Watched on March 10, 2023
pretty good overall, seemed to skip parts in the middle or something didn't quite line up to me
Wow - boring!  I got up several times to go do something else and didn't bother pausing the movie - didn't miss a thing and wished I could have missed parts I did see.
Great movie. Just as enjoyable as the first
great 🎬 🎞 🎥 🎦 📽 🎟 🎬
I know I am the outlier but Marvel movies are bland and repetitive. This is no exception. The plot is nonsensical, the characters motivations are confusing and if you want CGI action sequences a video game is more intriguing
Either Wakanda is whacked, or I'm just beyond tired of these comic-book super-hero type movies.
giving it 3 RT stars, for me 'meh, it just passed the time'
Saw it 'lerton AMC, 11.11.22
Great movie, love the respect they paid to Chadwick.
Bom. Não bate o primeiro...
tells a great story, loved the aztec look.
Not the same without chadwick
Obviously there is a big hole where Boseman used to be which is tough to get around, but the supporting cast helps pick up the slack.  I found Shuri's character a bit grating in the original, but liked her much better here.  Namor is an excellent addition to the MCU and I look forward to seeing more of him.
Esta secuela me encanto y es una de las mejores películas del 2022. La forma en que Suri pasa por una etapa difícil por la muerte de su hermano T'Chala y la triste historia de origen de Namor están bien escrita y tiene mas argumento en comparación con las entregas anteriores de Marvel. Puede llegar a ser larga y pesada, pero eso no cambia el hecho de que tiene una muy buena historia. Buenas escenas de acción y efectos, una banda sonora estilo nativo y la forma en que los mayas fueron proyectados, la verdad no le veo falla alguna a esta película. Bastante recomendable y la calificare con un 10/10.
Chadwick CANT be replaced and it showed. This movie was absolutely boring and felt forced with horrid acting. Not to mention it felt like they recorded the entire movie on their iPhone. RIP Chadwick you are missed.
Angela Bassett carries, Namor is an amazing villain with believable motivation and brutal effects on the protagonists. A wonderful love letter to Chadwick Boseman and you can tell this is a movie that the creators WANTED to make, opposed to a lot of the stuff in Phase 4.
An absolute masterpiece by Ryan Coogler. I was in tears multiple times. The plot was solid and Namor was really cool. 
I hope we get to see more of the political tensions between the US and Wakanda/Talokan in the future.
Who ever rated this movie 5 stars needs to give there head a wobble
Emotionally action packed experience that pays a fine tribute to a beloved actor, and makes the transition work well onward into the new era of Wakanda where women rule.
saw it opening night and what a great film, loved what they did with the characters, great action. feels like a small reboot but had to be done, want more M'Baku.Naymor was amazing and terrifying, the queen was powerfull. CGI was amazing, i don't know why people saying that it's dark underwater um news flash there is no light underwater so kick rocks.
Fake ironman 
typische wir stecken Frauen in alte Rollen weil wir zu faul sind ihnen etwas eigenes aufzubauen Szenario.
Alle Interessanten Charaktere Tot und nur noch Teenager am rum lungern.
Storyline einfältig und nicht spannend. 
Das einzige was den Film oben hält sind die ziemlich coolen Kriegerinnen die seit ihrem ersten Auftreten 100% Badass sind.
Bösewicht ist Schmutz.
Nach Bosemans Tot hätte man den Black Panther beenden sollen und etwas neues aufbauen müssen, aber der bringt so viel Umsatz das man sich keine Mühe geben muss und die Leute ja eh mittlerweile alles Fressen was sie kriegen.
More rubbish from Marvel. Apart from Spider-Man they have made  a load of absolute dross recently and this is no different. 
God almighty but this is a tedious film. 

A clown show of a film. Did they watch the crap that was Aquaman and get inspired?

I'm sure they think they are being clever and imparting some meaningful
message, but I grew too bored to care what it is. 
Exceptionally bad film.
There is something strange going on here, just looking reviews they are overwhelming negative yet RT is showing a 94% approval? Calling BS As for my review: Too long, rambles pointlessly and boring, even my teenage son fell asleep.
Much of the movie was filmed very dark and hard to see.  Also many subtitles which were distracting and did not add to the movie. There was a fairly depressing nature to the movie in general.  The second half was much better than the first. It was OK, but not particularly inspiring or uplifting.  Acting was good as well as the nature of the characters, but overall bits of the story missed for me.
Boring, dull storyline, missed a sense of sparkle and good humor that the better MCU movies have.
Le film est super ! Les effets visuels sont incroyables, les décors et les costumes sont magnifiques. Le film est très long mais le scénario est bien pensée et bien écrit. C'est un bel hommage à Chadwik Boseman. WAKANDA FOREVER !
Terrible film.  Dry and boring, slow and nothing like the standard Marvel usually manage.
I watched this with my 7 year-old son. He stopped watching after 10 minutes. I stopped watching after 40 minutes.

One of the most mixed up, slowest films I've ever seen half of.

Rubbish.
Angela Bassett gives a strong performance as the doomed queen, but the movie, despite all it's hype, is nothing but another Marvel superhero movies with little to offer other outside of equity,
Not as good as the first one which I wasn’t a big fan of either.
The film was so long and boring. Did only finish it because MCU films normaly refers to the other movies
Great movie to watch! I love angela Bassett. She is such a good actress.
They were really truly respectful of Chadwick Bosnian while developing the new storyline.
Well done. Loved it!
The first half is very slow and, truth be told, boring. I didn't find any characters compelling enough to relate to and the action was minimal. The last half was watchable, but hardly exciting. 
On the whole, this comic book movie took itself way too seriously.
One of the worst written Marvel movies ever, the acting is bland at Best, with awful rithm,  and not very high end CGI, it entertains , but is not a good film altogether
Long and boring. Nothing about this elevates the genre
Poor acting. Scenes that don't flow well. Cool villain but a little over-the-top even for Marvel standards.
Fraco, mesmo roteiro de sempre, tentando sempre lacrar.
Great performances from all!
A good movie to watch visually and in every detail will watch it again no problem!
The final scene with the antagonist helped to rescue the film. Before that scene, it felt like just a one off movie that really did not help with continuity of the universe. Fun action flick and proper homage to a passed actor.
This was just not as good as the first one. The story and the CGI are all worse making it just a "meh" movie.
The tribute is touching. But WAKANDA FOREVER is otherwise characterized by an overserious emotional monotone that finds the characters constantly making declarations at one another, rather than having dialogues. The result is very tiresome. Sub-Mariner's underwater world is pretty cool, but the notion of multiple super-advanced secret civilizations existing undetected and unknown to one another stretches credulity, even for the MCU, especially when presented this clumsily (ie now they must battle it out, rather than unite against their true enemies). Combine that with some seriously sub-par CGI, and its a tedious excursion that, yes, does seem to go on forever.
A fantastic Tribute to Boseman this movie keeps with its original premise and Black Panther themes about colonization and being an advance African nation! The actors were great, the drama and emotions were real, and the story was fresh and felt both new and right off of the comic panel at the same time!
I loved how stupid it made greed for what someone else has seem so narcissistic and how pitiful fighting over resources decreases our ability to work together!
very good and I manage to keep the story and the plot, few current movies do
Black Panther Wakanda Forever Honors Chadwick Boseman and the legacy his T'Challa Character has left behind. A movie about lost and the difficulty of how to move on. A Masterclass performance in MCU by Angela Bassett, return of familiar faces and an introduction to Namor, Attuma, Namora and Talokan. The stakes and scale elevate in cinematic superiority thanks to Ryan Coogler and Co. one of Phase 4's best and what a way to end Phase 4 of the MCU theatrically.
The ending was anticlimactic and that brought the movie down for me.
Just watch and you will see!
This movie is too long and it has too many  ridiculous elements.
Tough act to follow Chadwick Boseman passing,  yet Namor takes his void and gives us a threat to preserve Wakanda from destruction. Shuri rises from trauma, fear, and loss to avenge her brother pridefully and in fine fashion!
I didn't really like this one. I disagree with most of the direction this movie goes in. Not a fan of a lot of the CGI and the way they are using the cameras and bluring out a lot of the screen is just awful.
Great acting, very entertaining, but if you look into it, you gonna feel frustrated at the nonsensical decisions and actions taken by the characters.
Not enough of action
I gave a rating of 2 only because Rihanna sings there. Without Rihanna, there would be 0.5
personajes 8/10
historia 8/10
efectos especiales 6/10 bastante lamentable el trabajo de marvel en sus ultimas cintas
direccion 8/10
Considering all that has occurred-they really pulled it off and did so with a continuing undercurrent storylines that Coogler dropped in there and set the tone of the movie.  His images conjure thoughts of black and Latino culture, often so embodies into the story that they pass by only implanting their influence into the viewer.
I really wanted to like this movie, but it was so much less than the original. Obviously, the loss of Chadwick Boseman was immeasurable in multiple ways on and off screen. 

I wasn't a fan of adding the scientist character to the mix and the suit she wore was ridiculous, it made her look like a weird Power Ranger. The movie concept was reasonable, but the telling of the story was weak in my opinion.
The theme of the film was greatly reinforced, I thought there was chemistry but like now, they put a lot of progressivism and damage the beginning of the first film
I preferred this to the first black panther film. It has a great female lead, and the storyline is exciting with the underwater race. I'm looking forward to future black panther films hopefully.
Nice tribute to Chadwick Boseman but the story was boring, special effects were not great in some scenes and overall it was just meh.
Great movie from beginning to end. Nice tribute
Well rounded movies with great music
Nowhere near as good as the first, but that's pretty much the case for the whole of Marvels Phase Four). 

Movie with only sidekicks (who were sidekicks for a reason) from the previous one, forgettable  villain and to top it off was full of boring conversations. Wasn't helped by being about 40mins too long. 

That said, it's still Marvel and had just enough to stop it being a complete miss (mainly the final scene), I just hope Phase Five sees a return to Marvel pre–Phase Four...
Meh, didn't love it or hate it, marvel in it.
I think it's the best MCU movie post Endgame.
Just watched this on Disney plus. Good tribute to Chadwick. Rest of the movie is a complete throw in. A throw in and  make it fit plot, unearned new black panther. Terrible throw in side character/ side plot. Generally just too much to complain about. The movie looked good at least. It’s a shame after the this is what marvel is coming too. I hope this is at least what the current target audience was looking for. It’s clearly not for the og fans who were cheering and standing in their chairs when we got the original moments that made these marvel movies special.
Just as enjoyable as the first one. Never thought it would be possible to make an adequate sequel with the unexpected and shocking death of Chad Boseman but this movie was very well put together. Emotional weight is prevalent throughout. Acting, costumes and cinematography are outstanding. Must watch.
seriously how can one like this movie ? awful story, blant world, boring unlikable characters, very bad dialog, no (working)Humor, awful action and CGI with unlogical fights...
BP2 brings nothing interesting to the MCU other than another imbalanced new race and a prodigy kid. phase 4 is at an end and it was awful.
La película tiene un ritmo lento, pero se esfuerza en salir adelante, no tenían planeado a Shuri como Black Panther pero se esfuerzan, el villano en mi opinión tiene buenas motivaciones y entendibles, pero no llegas a empatizar con él, la trama inicial de la "científica" es muy absurda pero, no es mala.

Pero la 1ra estuvo mejor
Filme feito com toda delicadeza e recebido com todo carinho! A Marvel fez realmente um trabalho magnífico.
I don't think it was as great as the original, but I did enjoy the movie. I especially like the take on Atlantis and the introduction of RiRi Williams. And I do miss seeing Chadwick Boseman in the role of the BP Panther. But, the path they are taking for the Black Panther is interesting and something to follow and the same goes for Namor and RiRi.
Dumb. Seems like they just phoned this one in.
This movie is the perfect memorial for Chadwick Boseman. The danger felt real and the story took interesting turns, and I was not expecting things, which made the viewing experience more exciting.
I get it, it was a nice send-off movie in memory of Chadwick Boseman, but as a movie on its own... The whole thing felt forced.
It was good movie, despite of all that backlash. Of course, I didn't like that like in all Disney films at the moment, they show how "powerful are women". But plot was good, acting was somewhere ok, it didn't feel like a long movie to me.
filme muito enrolado e a batalha final foi ridícula . A homenagem foi ótima mas o filme deixou a desejar
Achei um filme bem divertido e muito respeitoso com o Chadwick Boseman, achei uma homenagem muito boinita e que me emocionou bastante. Além disso a ação e a história do Namor foram bem legais e interessantes.
Enfim gostei bastante, foi sem dúvidas o melhor filme/série da MARVEL em 2022 :)
Love Black Panther, Chadwick, Killmonger, Shuri and most characters . This movie  got some strong performances , mainly Angela Basset, and most actors deliver what they've been given… but that's about it. Plot has so many issues. So many things were not making sense. Why the Aztec get different power if the flower comes from the same meteorite ? Why / how exactly do they know they can breathe in water ? Why they become blue , but Namor isn't and got wings, can fly, breathe in the air , stronger etc . How does the shaman know about the flower ? Why the sea people do nothing much with vibranium? Why if they got 2 important assets, nobody is guarding the entrance ? Why would the Queen be angry at Okoye when she agreed and also bears responsibility. Wakanda gets invaded , again, yet they send less ships and warriors than facing Thanos'army. Ok probably some died , but still, isn't it " the most powerful nation on earth", and it sends a handful of ships - all of them destroyed so easily . How did Riri built the vibranium scanner if they didn't have vibranium ? Namor doesn't seem to keep his plan, first to kill Riri, then ends up in " gotta strike surface people first". His motivation / goals aren't clear( revenge , surface people bad ) but why now ? Would have been way easier before 21st century….etc. Invading Wakanda ? How can the sea people hide then if they reveal themselves during an invasion. Makes no sense
This is my favorite Black panther movie!

The story line was fantastic! I believe this highlights the best part of African American culture...our black women 💁🏾‍♀️
I'm gonna say something that's probably going to get me some hate but, this movie movie is better than the original. Sorry. I mean, Chadwick was a great Black Panther and his presence is missed, but there was a certain lack of realism that made the first movie just feel fake, like a stage play. The characters felt more like caricatures rather than living, breathing people. Plus, the CGI wasn't horrible (and according to recent articles, rushed). However, where the first movie failed, Wakanda Forever seemed to succeed. Ryan Coogler was able to lean into the familiar while bucking the status quo, and the movie felt better for it. It's also easy to tell which superhero films of the 80s-90s (i.e. Batman) Coogler drew inspiration from. Oh, and let me tell you about the music. Marvel hasn't been known for using memorable music, but I couldn't help but walk away from this movie humming some of the songs. Overall, this was a notable improvement, but while it was sweet to honor Chadwick, I truly felt a heart-shaped herb hole in my chest.
They honored Chadwick Boseman in a beautiful way. And besides, a good fun film to watch.
Plenty of action and plenty of heart. Not a second wasted.
Like the rest of the MCU of late, full of rehash and lost its magic. And let's not forget the low effort sitcom jokes. MCU has been in low-effort-milking mode since 2019 and this movie is no exception. If you're looking for an actually good Black epic, check out The Woman King, so much better than this.
One of the worst mcu films. I have no idea how it was rated so high. Antman was more enjoyable.
I enjoyed the first but certainly didn't rate it as highly as many seemed to do. This is again OK but nothing more than that. There are plenty of better movies in the MCU pantheon but there are also plenty of worse ways to spend your time at the cinema.
I wanted to like this film but the plot was all over the place, and the introduction of Ironheart, is an intro I really didn't care for in this.
A beautiful work, action packed, exciting and a great dedication to Chadwick Boseman who left us way too soon.
Black Panther was a very welcome addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe back in 2018 and I was really looking forward to seeing the progression of that character. Obviously, with the tragic passing of Chadwick Boseman, that just wasn't possible anymore. I figured they would recast the character and continue forward, but they made the tough decision to write the death of the character into the film as well. For that reason, I was worried and relieved all at the same time. It seemed like an impossible task to make a sequel to such a beloved film, but not have the core character there the entire time. Well, after seeing Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, I can confidently say that they handled it as well as they possibly could have. I thought this film was emotional and fantastic, and here's why.

Picking up six years after the events of Black Panther (in accordance to the events of Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame), this film focuses heavily on the loss of T'Challa and how the country can move forward without their leader. With the emergence of Namor and the underwater city of Talokan threatening all of Wakanda, the remaining characters must band together and protect their country. Shuri (Letitia Wright) is easily the one with the most screentime here and the burden of carrying this franchise is on her shoulders the whole time. This must have been a daunting task, but she pulled it off. Her character, along with her mother, portrayed incredibly well once again by Angela Basset, are the beating hearts of this film. The emotional aspect of this film got me on a few occasions.

Some people may complain about the fact that the death of Chadwick Boseman is basically the jumping-off point for this story to even happen, but I found that it was very tastefully done. With the addition of other characters that will have a future in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, this film was filled to the brim with story. Where I might have my only complaint though, is the fact that this feels like a big budget prelude to what will come next. It's a fantastically made film by director Ryan Coogler and I loved watching every minute of this one, but I have to admit that it did feel like more of a long eulogy for the passing of Boseman.

With all of that said though, I'm only complaining about that because I'm reviewing it and criticizing it. That complaint isn't something I will regularly say about this film. They take the time to make a great film on top of that, so it really worked for me overall. I can't wait to see where certain storylines continue later and the fact that I'm excited about that, all while this film is satisfying on its own, is nothing short of great. I wept, I was entertained, and I was engaged in the story at hand, so what else could I really have asked for from this film? Also, the final scene that takes place during the credits is easily one of my favorite post-credit scenes in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It was very well handled. Now playing in theaters, I absolutely recommend checking out Black Panther: Wakanda Forever.
I think they handled the Chadwick Boseman tribute/send off as well as they could have.
The one to take up the mantle felt awkward but who else really could but the ones who survived.
The first half was dragging quite a bit. The feminism was a bit too present, but the plot with the underwater civilization really kept the viewer magnetized to the movie.
I don't know how but it could have been better.
It 100% could have been worse
Great movie, very emotional goodbye to Boseman
I wanted to like it more than I did. Not a very compelling or convincing story. Too much "unearned" over the top superpowers or supertech.
The story is so dumb. People like it because of the Chadwick tribute, which was nice and all. The movie is dumb though. Why do they even care about Iron heart? Why don't they kill her? Just because?  Why does the sister become black panther and not.. idk...someone actually trained to fight? Where did she learn to fight? How does she magically survive being run through with a giant spear? 2 seconds later she's totally fine. So many dumb things happening here. Marvel died after end game. Sad to see it.
I feel they should have recast T'challa to be honest.  Namor stole the movie for me.  He was the highlight.  I am not sure how I feel about the changes from the comics, but I still liked what they did.  I look forward to seeing more of Namor in the future.. but really not caring about Shuri and Riri.  :(
boring boring boring so long ironheart was a flop made absolutely no sense.
A movie of the highest highs and the lowest lows. And emotionally rollercoaster, action packed and full of real heavy stakes!  A must see for all MCU nerds!
1. The pacing was awful. I couldn't believe how long the movie was despite so little consequential plot taking place.
2. The only character with a compelling prerogative was the Queen of Wakanda. She had everything taken from her, and is now left to rule a kingdom she fears may be doomed.
3. Namor's backstory seemed illogical and, to be honest, nonsense, at least from the one time I watched it. I may have missed something.
4. Some scenes were entirely CGI characters, and it was done very poorly. One comes to mind that just looked like a video game cutscene of Namor speaking to his people underwater.

Edit one year later: This is still one of the worst AAA movies I've ever seen. My mind is blown by the positive reviews here, as I have never met one person who saw this movie and enjoyed it. 

I often refer to this movie as evidence that Rotten Tomatoes reviews clearly don't actually represent public opinion. 3.9/5 on Google, >90% here, by the way.
It just didn't hit like the first movie and it felt forced. Shuri should have been a supporting actress I'm not a fan or Riri is a fun addition but I don't like her character in general but I see potential in her.
Was not really interesting. Sure, it was a good tribute movie, but it took over the entire storyline.
Loved it from beginning to end! Liked the overall storyline with all the new characters that were introduced!
Not once was there an Epic or awe inspiring moment or introduction of a character.  I loved Chadwick Boseman, but his tribute was the only good part of the movie which is a problem because the movie itself was poorly put together and that's sad to remember Chadwick Boseman with this insulting tribute.  Also, How do you have flying vehicles with beam me up ability and you end the movie on a boat with ropes?  This is as bad as when the Rhino showed up with armor on it.  You may as well have used a turtle or armadillo because that's how tremendously stupid this is.  Your Epic introduction to the Mayan Character was a walk up on the beach.  BAD DIRECTING. Water bombs were neat but stupid underwater.  The underwater people were moving like they were normal humans in water pretending to be underwater people.  When you make a movie about a formidable group of people that live in the water, you have them move like sharks.  Not people that swim slow.  The CGI was laughably cartoonish.  When the helmets retracted you could see it glitching in and out.  There was a part where the genius who invented the vibranium finder was hammering metal which looked like copper.  Why aren't you using vibranium?  What the heck are you going to use copper for?  If you can hammer copper into a shape to use for the suit, what good is that going to do as armor?  Seriously?  This is all trash.  I was so disappointed with this movie I don't even care to remember the names of the Characters.  It was that bad.  I give this movie a hard F.  Old School Power Rangers is better than this.
it's a most dramatic movie than the first one, but it has a lack of action, and the final battle is not as good as the original one, his strongest point it's the drama
It wasn't BP, but it's not supposed to be. 

Just FYI, Shuri has been my 2nd favorite character in the MCU since she was introduced. Her journey here is so heart-breaking, she goes from that 'child who scoffs at tradition' that M'Baku called her to a woman who loses everything, including her way. Finding it again is horribly painful. 

Didn't like RiRi or that side story, just felt tacked on. LOVED Martin Freeman as the CIA agent agent, fabulous part that he does so well. Okaye is still a huge fave for me as is M'Baku. 

The bad guys were kinds of meh to me. I love the Mesoamerican myths woven in, but didn't think they were executed well. Oh, and I wanted more Nakia. 

By far the best of the next generation Marvel movies, though, honestly that is not saying a whole lot as Shang-ri and also the Eternals were terrible and Dr. Strange and MoM was only so-so (despise what they did to Wanda).
I wanted to like BP:WF but found myself losing interest as it went on.
Drama and action pack with the emotional legacy
I was quite disappointed with this film. The first Black Panther was alright in my opinion, and I had high hopes for this film. I loved the tribute to Chadwick Boseman, but the whole film felt like it was dragging on. Honestly, it was like having a boring, long day at school. I have no issues with films being long, like Endgame, but there was honestly no need for this film to be nearly 3 hours long when it could've been much shorter. There were a few highlights to this movie which is why I gave it 3 stars, but the villain (Namor) was... mediocre. It felt like he was an NPC and had no emotions, and didn't pose that much of a threat for *most of the film*. The final battle was alright, until Namor got barbecued in a 1v1 against Shuri that lasted not even 2 minutes. I watched this with my sister, and she fell asleep after an hour. It took me 2 days to finish this film, and the only thing I'm glad about is that I didn't waste any money seeing this at the cinema.
Didn’t care for this at all. Weak villain. Only reason not 1*, the end fight was decent.
We can feel the lost of T'challa together with the wakandans. The colour and language perspective was strong, and the Talokans was awesome. Action are pretty good, but the lost of T'challa still pretty much effect the movie.
They put all their effort into saying goodbye to Chadwick and building up Namor. Besides that, the writing lacked. Riri felt like an after thought and didn't feel as earned as when tony stark built his first suit. She should've been on her on movie to give us that same feeling. Still excited to see what they can do with the black panther franchise going forward.
Excellent movie. So much story. Honors Chadwick well.
Didn’t realize one guy Chad Bozeman would be that important to what should of been a franchise, Wakanda is just a town in Illinois again.
How they made Shuri one of the best characters of the MCU in its current form I don't know, but glad they did. 

Also Namor rules
I loved this movie much more than I thought it would. I wish there were less fighting action tho, and more backstories on the side characters, especially Namor.
A film that deals with death and grieving in very powerful and moving way. Beautiful soundtrack, great acting, and an entertaining story. Love it!
Was good send off and change over to new black panther.decent action.
The best part of this movie was Namore, and the in between credit scene
What was witnessed in this film is the visual decline of quality in movies
Einfach nur unlogisch und dämlich...
Halfway through I was just waiting for it to end already!
Terrible film, and thanks for ruining Namors story...
It was fine.  I loved some of the characters like Shuri, M'Baku, and Angela Bassett.  I found Riri to be annoying and Namor kind of forgetable.  I really enjoyed the first Wakanda because it was so full of hope compelling story.  The story was just lacking here, it was mostly just a commentary on colonization and the evils of those from Europe. 

I think for the most part the cast is really talented, but the writing was just not up to par.
Painful to watch. Wouldn't recommend
Everything about this is embarrassing.
Meh.
A bit directionless and stuffed with unnecessary characters. Somehow, no real buildup towards the final battle in Act 3.
Very rushed. Poor VFX and the story is too badly written. Does not connect to comics.
I'm so glad we waited to watch it when it was free because I would have been pissed if I paid a theater to watch this. The only parts that made me actually feel something was the first two minutes and the last ten seconds. The rest of the movie was way too long with way too much stuff crammed in it. The fight scenes were so boring that my fiancée fell asleep a few times during them. The humor completely fell flat, didn't laugh a single time to their "jokes." Nothing made sense, the plot was completely contrived, and Wakanda looks like the easiest nation ever to annihilate if any actual super power wanted to. This is by far the worst Marvel movie I've seen to date which is a lower and lower bar these days.
The movie was an overload of sensory, plot question marks, and wokeness.
The audience score honestly surprises me. I'm not sure how someone watched that terrible boat scene and any scene with ironheart in it and gave this movie more than 3 stars. That being said, Shuri was great, Namor was great, and the queen exceptional. But the cgi and the terrible dialogue were bad bad bad.
Was interested to see how they'd handle Black Panther with the passing of Chadwick Bozeman, but they did a great job telling a logical and believable story. Bonus* I am starting to love Okoye's character. Would love to see her more.
This movie’s incredibly boring; it offers no real hook or plot that we should care about. “Wakanda” comes off as a cheap replica of several African cultures. Couldn’t get past the halfway point.
minha avaliação a cada 20min.; 20 : 5, 40 : 5, 1.00 : 5, 1,20 : 4, 1,40 : 5, 2,00 : 5, 2,20 : 5, 2,30: 5.
The movie is absolutely fantastic despite the major absence left on the film, the MCU and his closest loved ones lost RiP Chadwick 👑 Great performances from Shuri and Namor. Loved the Talocan People and cool way to introduce Atlantis and Atlanteans to the MCU. Okoye is great as always and Queen Ramonda really was a Queen in this film. Phenomenal performance! Highly recommended to Marvel fans everywhere and any who are ready to get their feelings hurt in this culture vs culture emotional rollercoaster.
What an absolute travesty,  why keep on making these type movies?… why…?
It was an excellent tribute to Chadwick Boseman while still moving the series forward. Tenoch Huerta did an amazing job as Namor. Definitely the highlight of the movie and goes down as one of my favorite MCU villains of all time. Letitia Wright as Shuri did a great job of taking over the mantel of the Black Panther. The ending left me excited for the next one, can't wait to see it!
Es la mejor película de la Fase 4 del UCM, la mejor forma de cerrar la PEOR fase del Universo Cinematográfico de Marvel.
Jeez this was boring, and even though it was a movie about literal superheroes, I still had trouble suspending my disbelief. Dumb villain, meaningless subplots, slow moving story. A real dud.
It was fine just too long.
Are they even trying anymore?
okay movie it was good to see once but I wouldn't see the second time it's not like it's going to be in my classic section but if you're wanting a movie just a thrown out and enjoy then watch this. but not up in my top 10 of movies
Another very weak installment in Marvel universe. These are getting embarrassing, as they barely pass the 'stream' benchmark. The story, structure and motives are so weak that this can barely hold it's own with many TV shows with 5% of the budget... Time to create something new, it's been way too long since they've innovated.
i thought it was an excellent film. I appreciated all of the reverence to the fallen character of the beloved actor.
This movie is average. The theme of this movie is like aquaman.
Storytelling is to the point with well character builds. There are flaws in climax but overall looks good to go for marvelmania.
Absolute boring drivel. Nowhere as good as the original and the use of colonisers was poor.
A very great movie and a nice thing that they respected the death of Chadwick
The only reason the movie's watchable is NAMOR.
Great movie. Can't wait to get it so I can watch it as often as I like.
Didn't know what to expect. I thought it wasn't going to be interesting. I enjoyed this more than the first BP. I'm glad there are movies that can change my mind.

The third act is a little weak though.
The tribute to Chadwick Bozeman
Meh. Ok, not great.
I didn't think marvel could do any worse than love and thunder, but I was wrong.
I loved it, it was a difficult mission and they achieved quite an achievement.
Severely missed Chadwick, but the story and new characters remained compelling.
Some stuff was forced and shouldn’t have been there but I liked the movie.
Loved this, the wardrobe was spectacular and the special effects were outstanding. The only con is that it was long
They did the impossible. They moved on from Boseman's Black Panther in a meaningful and honorable way. If this movie doesn't win Best Oscar for Costume Design and Production Design then I will...well...probably go on with my life as normal, but with a little bit more disappointment than before.

The changes they made to Namor from the comics to fit the MCU better (and to not draw too much comparison to DC's Aquaman) were inspired and, frankly, better than his comics origin.

This movie had it all!
I always like to take each movie I watch as it own things and consider what happen as I watch but with the passing of Chadwick Boseman is impossible to ignore.  This film has a very difficult needle to thread, and you can feel how this film serves the cast and crew to mourn a friend and honor his legacy as well as the character. Angela Bassett is in a class by herself but Wright, Garia, and Nyong'o provide substantial and subtle performance showing the reality of grief. Also, we get the great visuals and the introduction of Namor.
Me gustó, exelente desarrollo del personaje namor, ame la película como un gran fan
A worthy and equally excellent successor to the first movie.
There was a lot to live up to from the first installment especially with the passing of Chadwick. This movie beautifully honors him and his character. Namor has become one of my favorite villains who I imagine will become a anti hero  to hero eventually. Shuri is frustrating throughout the movie though and leaves me questioning if she is the right person to have inherited the mantle.
Too much CGI, generic villain and script with many flaws.
Boring, boring, boring. Having said that I very much liked the tribute in the first 20 minutes for Chad, it was very moving and the right thing to do.
It’s good, not thing special
Trailers made me think it was going to be so much better that what it turned out to be, at least it's better than the first one (one of the worst of the MCU and probably the most overrated movie of the decade)
I couldn’t stand some of the dialogue in this movie. The replacement of the Black Panther was smooth, but this was nowhere near as good as the first one
A wonderful tribute to Chadwick Boseman! The world of Wakanda is again beautifully presented and it is a pleasant introduction to the underwater world!
If you take away the comic book trappings on either one of the Black Panther movies, you STILL have a compelling movie. The characters, conflicts, themes and emotions in these movies are deeper and more substantial than almost all other comic book films. In this movie, the prospect of war between two cultures, both threatened by a greed-motivated, power-hungry, intrusive and oppressive outside world (the West?), creates a sense of fear and foreboding in us because it feels so real and we respect both cultures. We don't want them to clash but everything is so dangerously tenuous that it feels tragically inevitable. 

Just like watching Wakanda turn on itself  and go to war to see who will lead it into the future in the first Black Panther movie, this movie provides us with a drama that reminds us of real world issues and history. When characters die here, it has genuine emotional punch. The action scenes are stellar and unforgettable and beautifully shot. Loved this movie. This is the direction "comic book" movies should be heading, not the cartoon silliness of some of the others. It's amazing that they managed to create a great Black Panther movie without the character they established in the four movies he appeared in previously. It's like making a movie called "Batman" and only Robin is in it. 

Also, this movie respects the cultures it depicts and shows them with humanity and complexity. Not like those patronizing Avatar movies whose depiction of an indigenous culture has all the sophistication and depth of a Johnny Weissmuller Tarzan movie. 

This is a great movie, not just a great comic book movie.
Loved the first one. Wanted to love this one. Really think Shuri was not a good black Panther choice. Lupita's Nakia character would have been a much better choice. Wakanda people seamed weak and poorly matched against the Atlanteans - even though they were not credited as such. Very little Black Panther in the movie. Tough movie to make with the passing of Boseman so I knew this would be a difficult story to write and sadly, I don't think it made its mark.
Like everything Disney makes these days Wakanda Forever is cookie cutter, marketing driven dreck. Sold to a gullible unimaginative public only to ring Disney's cash registers.
Such a good story and brings a lot of emotion and an incredible villain
Nice addition to MCU, pays a heartfelt tribute to Chadwick Boseman and overall an emotional movie. They did the best under the circumstances they had but not as great as original.
Over-produced and overacted. Huge plot holes. The winged guy was silly. The new young lead doesn’t have the charisma for the task.
Emotional can describe
We mourned Chadwick Boseman for years, but now, in Black Panther 2: Wakanda Forever, we got the chance to mourn T'Challa Sr., as a character. Both tributes were emotional. Black Panther 2... yeah. Greatness. 10/10
this movie was horrible until the very ending 🤦
A film executed so well under a daunting task/challenge. I think this might be better in a lot of ways of a character study over the first one. But there are definitely some shortcomings. Overall, an excellent sequel.
Além de ser um bom final da fraca Fase 4 do UCM, é uma bela homenagem ao ator Chadwick Boseman e tb a introdução do Rei dos Mares Namor nos cinemas. De todos os filmes dessa Fase 4 bem fraca, esse é o menos pior. Além da tradicional cena pós créditos, temos mais uma vez Rihanna cantando a música do filme.
Sometimes epic screenplay but the story was lame and full of plotholes. The characters were not build well too imo. The only good made thing was the farewell to Chadwick Boseman. RIP
Completely underwhelming, a bit boring, and a little cliché'. Yes I know Chadwick is dead but it seems like that's what the movie is depending on..your sorrow.
At the surface level, Wakanda Forever is a fun marvel film. But if one engages the brain, it doesn't make a whole bunch of sense. Irongirl comes out of nowhere, the new black panther is a wooden character and the vibranium conflict doesn't pan out.
Perfect. Best film of the new Marvel phase.
It was so good! Definitely a must see, but are we surprised?
Powerful, beautiful perfection. Couldn't have done it better after Chadwick, Namour is a fantastic anti hero can't wait to see more, Okaye is fire always want to see more of her
a profound emotional ride sure to make you tear up
Good story, great villain, but still has many flaws. This film badly need a cut. Just like America Chavez, Riri Williams is a pointless character and a McGuffin. She can be replaced by a random unnamed scientist, and the fact that she created vibranium detector is unbelievable. Talokan's depiction is good but its origins are loose. (How can a vibranium-infused plant causes all that?) When the Talokanil first appeared on that ship, it was so creepy and intimidating; same thing during the bridge ambush. Namor's ankle wings are silly. Excessive focus on an insignificant character (Aneka). And Letitia Wright is struggling to lead the film. She doesn't have that much charisma.
Amazing! Super touching. Loved the main characters.
It was decent but a little over rated. The guy with wings on his ankles was just stupid.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever does a great job at respecting Chadwick Boseman, but as a movie itself it has some flaws. The first Black Panther movie is by far better than this one but this one still isn't the worst movie out there even though it's not the best!
ig it was good but had legit nothing to do with the overall story so was a bit disappointed there yeah
This is an amazing emotional movie but it could have done without the opening scene as it seems quite disrespectful towards Chadwick Boseman's family but is definitely a must watch for all marvel fans
The whole story makes no sense, US government pissed off Namor, then Namor confront Wakanda? How conveniently stupid.
After She-Hulk the next real MCU cucumber.

 It's just terrible that I wasted almost 3 hours of life time.  So I'll be brief.

 - terrible CGI
 - bad cut
 - Story doesn't make sense
 - not consistent, contradicting itself
 - Humor to be ashamed of
 - Marie Sue in a double pack
 - Iron Heart so ridiculous - Tony would be ashamed.
 - And then this movie is terribly racist

 + Emotional start that unfortunately benefits from the true fate of Chadewick Boseman
 + Great score
The parts about Chadwick are touching. The rest is worse than The Dark World.
Everyone grieves differently and Shuri really experienced a lot of loss in a short period of time. First her brother then her mother in the span of a year. So it made sense that her vision and mind were clouded by rage and all she wanted was revenge. It was cool to see the Black Panther suit again (RIP Chadwick) and I'm looking forward to how Shuri's journey as the Black Panther will be different from that of her brother's.
Watching this it made me think that this was Black Panther meets (maybe) Avatar
First, I'd say this movie can be a case study on how to adjust intended plots to deal with real life situations (like the death of a cast member).  How they paid tribute while weaving in Boseman's real life passing was both amazing and thoughtful.

Beyond that, BP2 was a good movie.  I wanted it to be a great movie.  Casting was a strength. It was a bit slow to start and the overall run time seemed unnecessarily long.  The plot is solid, especially as mentioned above it worked around unforeseen events.  It was a bit predictable and followed the more recent Disney/Marvel formula.  I caught it on Disney+ and did not regret missing it in the theater even with my average home TV system.  Worth enjoying at least once...
Credit to the filmmakers for pulling this off after the tragic loss of Chad Boseman. While his absence was felt, the supporting cast did a great job stepping up to the plate, particularly Shuri in the lead role.

Talokan was a great choice of adversary, setting up thrilling action sequences underwater and on the surface. Namor was a fantastically nuanced villian, much like Killmonger in the first film, adding a layer of depth that not all superhero films achieve.

My only issue with this entry in the MCU is that it spent rather a lot of time setting up tensions between Wakanda and the western world, which ultimately never paid off. While it was good to see more of Julia Louis-Dreyfus, I didn't feel her character or Everett added anything to this movie. I was fully pumped for an invasion during or after the battle with Talokan, so felt it anticlimactic that this never transpired.

Of course, there will likely be more Black Panther films and in retrospect these scenes may be seen as set up for the final act of a trilogy or more. Much like Iron Man 2 or Thor 2, this may not rate among my top MCU entries, but middling Marvel is still a thoroughly entertaining ride.
I love this movie so much, it is very emotional and fun to watch but don't expect to see major cameos. Get ready for the Iron Heart series because it might be fire.
Nothing too exciting like the first one this was all hype no action no leader to support like t'challa  i wouldn't mind if the movie was an hour and half but to drag usless conversations for 40mins plus is a no go.
For a story featuring Namor the plot is painfully dry. Lacking any of the charm or charisma of a typical Marvel movie, this film is a slowly paced, low-stakes miss.
I love the costumes and the beautiful bodies. Angela looks amazing as usual. 

I think didn't enjoy the ending or the flying characters in the film. Nonetheless, rest in peace Chad, you are still deeply missed.
Decent. I wish they developed more the characters of Okoye and Nakia
Although I appreciated the tribute to Chadwick Boseman very much I didn't think the film itself flowed all that well. Certainly it was a letdown from the first BP film. Still, it was better than some of the Marvel films that just preceded it. I would recommend it to anyone who likes the Marvel superhero genre.
It lost my attention 30 minutes in so turned it off.
I expected to much from this movie. Everyone was yawning in the theater trying to stay up.
Beautiful movie...lotsa heart!
This movie is phenomenal. Beautiful character building that allows each character to grow in their story arc in the most well pasted, satisfying way. The conflict is so well constructed and thought through that you will sympathize and see both side's point of views. How they explored these two separate cultures was truly captivating. Every actor and actress gave stellar performances that deserve all the recognition and praise. This movie is not an empty, hollow kick-kick-punch action superhero movie, it's a deep and moving story that really dives through the struggles of grief, loss, and acceptance. I highly recommend watching this movie.
Great movie, much better than I feel most of phase 4 has gone.
RIP Chadwick. This reminded me of Aquaman where too much was going on and unnecessary characters were thrust into film for no reason. Loved the covering of Mayan/Aztec culture, love that twist on Namor and love his grayness. Otherwise, your typical marvel film with not much WOW factor.
Unfortunately it was nothing like the first movie which I watched many times. I didn't like the addition of the new species and the lack of Martin Freeman. It was okay though, entertaining at least.
couldve been an hour shorter.
Chadwick Boseman's unfortunate passing has taken the only good character to come out of Wakanda, without him we're left with the characters that no one cares about. The film is boring and long, the villain is weak and the characters make dumb decisions. It's definitely not the worse Marvel movie of 2022, but it's not much better than the rest.
Slow pacing, a boring plot and dialogue and night scenes that require night-vision goggles to view (even in a dark room) make for one of Marvel's weakest films so far.
Awesome....and a great tribute to Chadwick
It wasn't maybe as bad as I was thinking it was going to be, but without Boseman, the movie was a meandering ensemble.  It was too long with too many pointless characters.  Irongirl, bilbo and lady seinfeld & the whole CIA thing, Boseman's girlfriend - could have ALL been jettisoned and it wouldn't have affected the story one bit.  The long bloodless fight scenes were pretty bad, wasting what was otherwise a decent setup between 2 super civilizations.  The final sea battle just seemed awful - that stupid ship?  And the oversized towel dryer?  The movie also wastes a bunch of time crying over Tchalla instead of organically inserting his death into the storyline.
Namor and the underwater Mayans lacked fleshing out, but at least Marvel spent a bit of time working on their villians this go around.  Namor might be used to good effect going forward.  The queen and Shuri each have a loss-driven story arc that drives their characters (maybe not as much Shuri, but the DID try).  That is something WB still needs to learn if they want to make good superhero flicks.
To many holes in the story.  The effects were good but some of them did not make sense in the timeline.  A good movie let down by poor writing.
OMG   just plain stupid...... made for a two year old
It has it's moments and isn't completely terrible but the flimsy plot, uneven writing, bloated runtime and variable quality CGI don't do it any favours. Martin Freeman's entire presence is laughably pointless and both the protagonist and antagonist aren't really up to the job. Scenes such as the climactic battle are ruined by hyperactive editing and others, such as the Queen sacking the General (because of something she freely agreed to, only for the General to have her job back 10 minutes later anyway), by an ill conceived script. The scientist character provides a feeble reason for the whole thing to happen and then hangs around uneasily doing nothing for the rest of the movie until the end where she gets a suit. Pretty much everybody gets a suit, because.......suits! Seriously, what happened to the writing in these movies?
I finally got to watch BP2, and it was worth the watch! It was with no doubt one of the better Phase 4 projects that Marvel has shared with us. It has stepped up the game, when it comes to a compelling story, the great CGI, as well as the introduction of yet another fleshed-out anti-villain in the MCU, Namor. After the passing of Chadwick Boseman in 2020, Ryan Coogler had to redo the script for the sequel, and I think we all can agree that he did so in the best way possible, keeping the amazing work of CB alive in the movie. It was a great way of saying good bye to the character, by letting Letitia Wright as Shuri, take on the mantle as the new panther, and still showing the immense impact that the beloved actor CB had on all of us, through a grieving Shuri on-screen.
 
(SPOILERS) 
The movie kept the plot from BP1 going, with all the herbs being burnt down by Killmonger, which ultimately was the reason for T'Challa's death in the movie. The way Vibranium still has a centre-point in the storyline, and the way they included Val and expressing her motivations (mainly the urge of control and power), as we are soon going into a movie, with her newly formed Thunderbolts. Back to Shuri, as the character was a great main protagonist. The next movie will probably feature the child of T'Challa, as he will eventually take over the mantle and throne, becoming the future Black Panther. Hopefully, Shuri does not get the same demise in the next movie, as Ramonda got in BP2. 

As opposed to the other Phase 4 movies, I recon this movie gives the antagonist much more affection, explaining his origins, and his driving force throughout the movie. It also builds an amazing bond between our antagonist and our protagonist early on, as they see each others cities, both having the same intentions; to keep the people of their respective cities safe. They have two different views upon how they'll do so, unfortunately. The first battle that took place in Wakanda was really good, and I would love to see more of the agility in which was showcased with Namo, as I loved his movement and the use of his spear. The CGI and battle sequences was really good, and the last scene between Shuri and Namor only, was a great ending to the movie. The boat scene might have lasted a bit longer than needed, and was a bit strange, as Wakanda has so much more tech, than a single boat with no defences. 

Lastly I will share that I was not fond of the moment with the forehead kiss and the "I love you" between two characters from the Dora Milaje. I do not have any problems with two from a gender liking each other, but it just doesn't feel natural anymore. We do not have to see it in EVERY SINGLE MOVIE. I think the Eternals had a moment that actually made sense, but this movie is an example of a strange and weak moment. But of well; overall a great movie to close phase 4 with, showcasing that Marvel is still going strong!
Ryan cooler delivers a monster of a sequel including emotion, fantastic action sequences, great villain and  a superb performance by Angela basset black panther : wakanda forever is an amazing and tearful  tribute to Chadwick Bozeman without putting more than a foot wrong.
What a powerful message that was told incredibly well. The interwoven tribute to Chadwick Boseman was beautifully done. Thoroughly enjoyed this movie!!!
Poor plot. Disappointed
This movie took itself way too seriously. If you're in it for weird mythology and solid fight scenes, you won't be left disappointed. I used to like Marvel when they still had some fun with it. This contained no humor of any kind.
A Classic Superhero Film and a Great Sequel. Every fundamental element is really well done here. The special effects are a big improvement using CGI that never feels oversaturated. The main problem that holds this back from being flawless is the first half narratively speaking feels well done but unfocused as there is no clear main character throughout and when we do find who is the main character finally, this person while very likeable does not command the same presence as Boseman did. For obvious reasons it is the best they could do given the unfortunate situation and it works for and against this film. Despite this it is still a very entertaining and well crafted story that all Marvel and Coogler fans will get enjoyment out of for sure.
Truly disappointing. the story was 💩 and the acting was subpar at best. I wanted to like this movie but boy what a let down.
Marvel was able to beautifully tribute Chadwick Bozeman while also creating a great film. The pacing was handled well and the plot was engaging from start to finish. Put a few powerful scenes here and there, and Marvel has created, in my opinion, the best phase 4 film.
Best movie in a long time. You must see it.
I enjoyed the first Black Panther film and loved Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa. I was looking forward to seeing him more in the MCU which is why his passing was heartbreaking. The sequel then had a tough choice on whether to recast T'Challa or not. Marvel Studios decided to go down the route of not recasting him which I understand but was a little disappointed by. I love the character of T'Challa and having his journey in the MCU end so prematurely was slightly saddening. Did Ryan Coogler make the right choice, or was this an unfortunate misstep?

I have to say that this is indeed one of the most emotional and mature Marvel films in a long time. The choice to have T'Challa killed off is handled with the utmost respect and care within the story. Shuri is the main central character and the emotional core is about her grief with her brother's death. The story does a phenomenal job of illustrating her emotional journey which is deep and compelling. We also get to see how other characters handle the passing such as Ramonda and their way of handling grief which is different from Shuri. I appreciated that as people do indeed handle grief differently. One issue with MCU movies lately is the overabundance of comedy. Thankfully, this movie does not do that and for the most part, is a very serious movie. The beginning and ending are wonderfully done as well and are not typical of Marvel.

It is clear that Chadwick's passing affected the actors as their performance is stunning. Letitia Wright gives a vastly different performance as Shuri that shows the pain and anger of her loss. Danai Gurira also delivers a great performance as Okoye and Lupita Nyong'o as Nakia respectively. Winston Duke returns as M'Baku and is still more or less the funny character but there are some great moments of serious from him that I love. Tenoch Huerta Mejía is the antagonist Namor, King of the underwater country Talokan, and I think he does a great job. He is fearsome and royal but his performance is quite charming with some heart. The biggest performance standout comes from Angela Bassett as Ramonda. Her performance is phenomenal! I am not surprised she got the best supporting actress because it is that good. 

On that note, I really like that Talokan does not look like Atlantis from Aquaman (2019). The design is more traditional and inspired by Mesoamerican which is a great choice. Ludwig Göransson returns to compose the soundtrack and he just continues to do a brilliant job. There is a scene where it is about exploring Talokan which sticks in my mind because of the great design and the amazing music score. In terms of action scenes, there is a pretty enjoyable car chase near the beginning that I liked.

However, that is the only action scene I enjoyed. One thing this film does not do as well is the action scenes. The first issue is that there aren't a lot of action scenes and the second is that every action scene after the car chase is not entertaining. The choreography is not as well done and the final fight is just dull. The final fight is also logically baffling tactically as it felt like an incredibly silly and dumb plan. The movie just lacked a lot of triumphant moments that would make you cheer. It doesn't help that this movie is an incredibly slow burner with it taking a while for things to happen. The movie is really long at 160 minutes as well and it didn't even need to be. The movie could cut 20 minutes of its runtime and most of the core story stays the same. 

In terms of story, they try to incorporate the idea of other countries going for Vibranium ever since T'Challa opened Wakanda to the world. I don't think they do a good job at this as it felt distracting from the main conflict. Everett Ross (Martin Freeman) returns from the first film and Valentina (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) returns from other Marvel projects. However, their incorporation into the plot is forced and doesn't add to the main narrative. One issue I have with Phase 4 of MCU is this running theme of kids being hunted down by bad guys. It happened in Doctor Strange 2 and Hawkeye but also here in Wakanda forever with Riri Williams being hunted by Namor. It's it flame as it feels like it was done to give Riri a TV series rather than being an integral character plot-wise. I also don't think the film does a good job of showing how Talokan is a huge threat. Their tech feels minimal compared to Wakanda so it is hard to believe that Wakanda would struggle against them. 

Overall, Ryan Coogler handled this wonderfully. He treated the passing of Chadwick with the utmost respect, and I got to admire that. I don't think this movie is as good as the first one but it is definitely one of the more emotional ones. I'm not sure what direction Black Panther can go in now but whatever it is, I hope it retains the mature take of Wakanda Forever.
It incredibly touches the level of the first part of Black Panther with a good story and cool fights. Sometimes you need to risk it all also if Wakanda was known for being sealed off the rest of the world. Rest in peace to the best Black Panther, emotional moments.
An incredible and emotional tribute with phenomenal acting.
Ryan Coogler's Wakanda Forever is a step in the right direction for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Still, the movie struggles at times with convoluted storylines and writing with plot holes. The movie remains on the top of phase 4 visually with messy politics and character arc's.
Another miss on the MCU Phase 4. Characters that Ive grown to like, ruined by bad dialog and over-dramatizing. The CGI felt like early 2000's power rangers at times, and the overall plot just feels full of holes. 

I miss Pre-End Game
Too much for me( Sry i did not enjoy.
This movie is one of if not the best movie of phase 4.The acting is stellar and the emotional scenes hit hard.There isn't a lot of action but the action that is there is more brutal than quick and snappy.The villain is great and the story is a great tribute to one of the best avengers.Wakanda forever! -9.5/10
This movie is so much better than the first one, the action in this one is so much better than the first one. This movie is really sad and emotional in general, Namor is such a good villain and was really good acting in general. If you want to watch an action-packed and emotional movie, you should watch Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, overall a fantastic movie. -9.5/10
Boring story and vilain, take 2 hours before anything happens...! Disney cash grab!
Better than the first one I liked the ark of namor versus shuri
Like most Marvel movies now, Wakanda Forever is completely fine but struggles to veer away from the formula. Its first 30 minutes are borderline thrilling, but it quickly devolves into the same set of tropes that nearly every Marvel project falls victim to. Overarching evil threatening the world only to be resolved within the next 90 minutes by a series of battles where you pretty much know what is going to happen. None of this makes Wakanda Forever bad, it just makes it generally uninteresting - much like the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe right now.
O filme é muito longo e cansativo, o roteiro é fraco e cheios de falhas, há mais informação do que realmente é necessário, poderia ter sido feito em dois filmes e se tornado um pouco mais leve.
This movie is fantastic. In the events of what happened before this film was made and the untimely passing of Chadwick, I felt it was a fitting tribute to him. 

The cinematography for the film was brilliant. The acting across the board was good, Angela Bassett was amazing, well deserving of her Oscar nomination. The costumes as well were amazing, really colourful and just really added to the characters well. 

Some of the CGI was clunky in places, but overall a very good film. Definitely, one of the best films that has been produced since Endgame, and it was a good standalone sequel that closed off the events from the first Black Panther film through the Avengers movies to bring closure for the characters arcs and of course Chadwick's story as well that is such a shame that we won't see where that would have led us as audiences to.
I loved the connection shown between the two countries and the storyline that split them apart and the determination and the strong feeling for loyalty.
I was really skeptical about how they would work this movie, especially with the loss of the original black panther (Chadwick Boseman). I really just want to say this surpassed my expectations, and was a heavy emotional experience. There was a lot going on in it, and sometimes that can really hurt the experience, but in this case they made everything come in pretty smoothly. The fights were great, it had a few moments that made me laugh, but it also mad me sad in the beginning, middle, and end. This was a fine ending for the original black panthers story, and an exciting beginning to the new black panthers story. I can't wait to see what's ahead.
Filme fraco, roteiro ruim
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a worthy sequel to the first film under the circumstances they were given. Due to the death of Chadwick Boseman, the creative minds behind this film were put in a tough spot, and overall I think what they delivered was good. Angela Bassett gives one hell of a performance as a grieving mother who must stand tall for her daughter and her country and deserves all recognition. Tenoch Huerta was fantastic in his role as K'uk'ulkan and is a commanding and well-rounded villain. Danai Gurira delivered a compelling performance even through some questionable story decisions. I feel like Lupita Nyong'o and Winston Duke were a bit underused in their roles, but for the time they were there, they were brilliant. The introduction of Dominique Thorne's character was not really the strongest point for me, but I believe she played the role brilliantly. This brings me to discuss Letitia Wright in her role as Shuri. I thought that Letita did well selling the idea that her character was grieving throughout the entirety of the movie. However, in the moments where that was not the primary focus of the scene, I felt that she may have been a bit weaker than previously seen. I'm not sure she is strong enough to carry a franchise if that is the road they decide to go down in the future.

The film's core themes of family values and love shine during its best moments, which in my opinion are the beginning and ending of the film. The score of the film is honestly my favorite part of the movie, as it carries some of the scenes to be as good as they are. The individual story arcs that some of the characters go on make sense and feel good on their own, but when it all comes together, it feels a bit messy. The choreography also lacked a lot compared to this film with the two standouts being everything involving Tenoch Huerta and a part of the film's final act. The film was also not as visually stunning to me as the first Black Panther was during most of its run. It has stunning moments that left me in awe, but overall, it lacked.

Overall, the film works in the way that it is meant to, and that is because of a real-life tragedy. If you try and separate the real-life tragedy from the film, it becomes even less emotional. So, although I do recommend this movie and think that the movie is good, it is not a particular strong point in the MCU, but has great moments involving the concept of grief.
worst marvel movie ever made  and overrated, overacting and the story is so weak  , for someone lives in Africa i find it disturbing that black relatives are from different contents and different faces and why they are acting like monkey's sometimes and hit their chest
Terrible screenplay- lame acting - cannot recommend
It's entertaining but the dialogue is pretty meh, Shuri just isn't that great of a lead. The movie doesn't feel the same without t'challa.

Worth a watch but probably won't revisit
Buena película en general, entretenida y (algo) emotiva. Si tengo que decir algo malo es que siento que la alargaron demasiado, le sobran fácil 45 minutos.
Enjoy the movie a lot , very well made and developed , amazing
Rather boring in long stretches,  a plot with unusually large holes even for a superhero movie and some silly hand-waving supergenius scientist stuff make this less fun than most of the MCU entries.
Due to what I considered to be ‘Marvel burnout' I've only just watched ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever'.

SYNOPSIS: ‘Queen Ramonda, Shuri, M'Baku, Okoye and the Dora Milaje fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T'Challa's death. As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter, the heroes must band together with Nakia and Everett Ross to forge a new path for their beloved kingdom.'

This is an extremely powerful film which deals with the passing of Chadwick Boseman tastefully and professionally. Some may well consider it doesn't have the moments to really share our collected grief but I think it's done just about right.

T'Challa's death at the start of the film, although not explained in any detail, does mirror Boseman's own death in that it happens quickly and is a shock to all. Shuri reveals later in the film that T'Challa knew he was dying but told no one, again mirroring Boseman's really life scenario.

I have to wonder what this film would've been had Boseman not passed away. It misses the celebration of African heritage so lauded in the first film, and the story also feels messy at times. Whilst I'm not convinced by Namor's new origin story at all.

Visually stunning at times and without the poor CGI which plagued the original film's final battle, this is a film very much carried by the brilliant acting talents of Angela Bassett and Letitia Wright. Both deserve to win awards this season.

There's also some great Marvel Easter Eggs and plot points for the MCU moving forward and I look forward to seeing where those take us.

Where the franchise goes now is unknown. It's ending ties up a lot of loose ends and sets up a new film but in 20 years time. For now I think our visits to Wakanda, and these characters, will come through other MCU properties.

It's emotional. Don't forget the tissues.

8/10
Wakanda Forever is a great movie made not only of action, but also of emotions and feelings to fell inside. I appreciate that Marvel is exploring new human perspectives compared to old action-movies based only on combat.
it was not the best movie marvel made. it is ok but it too much of a tribute to chadwick boseman i my opinion
First 70 minutes was good to watch. After that it's too bored. Shuri as Black Panther was the worst choice. She looks like a kid who wears Black Panther's costume for school Fancy dress competition. She never be a black panther. Young Namor flying sequence gives goosebumps rather than the Main villian Namor's intro or his action sequence. Marvel's stereotyped every villian to reform in climax like some of the previous films. Those sequences gives yawn. Visuals and Music was good. And Marvel needs to connect every films together like the Olden days, every film in this phase looks separate stand-alones, if we skip this phase entirely that doesn't affect the next upcoming film.
This phase fails once again.
A beautiful tribute to Chadwick it was. A great super hero movie it was not. Some missed opportunities from the MCU that made this one fall just a little short.
The first one was better I miss the main actor from the first one. The villian aqua people were cool. good plot worth a watch.
Better than what I've been told. Can't say I'm happy Disney used Chadwick death for monetary gain, can't say I'm happy with Ironheart for replacing Ironman. Hope they let go of that colonizer joke and turn down the Jabari monkey noises because it's cringy either way you look at it. But I like Namor regardless of why he's Mexican/Mayan instead of Atlantian (we all know why, don't let them lie to you). I felt the emotions from all parties involved which make the story even more tragic. The end fight scene could have been better between the two nations (looked poorly choreographed) but other than that, it was pretty good. Better than the first one? No. Because without Chadwick there, it couldn't have been better.
Liked the Chadwick Boseman tribute
The Marvel brand is officially dead to me
Really enjoyed this marvel movie. Great villain and story.
Brings very little that is new to the table, and is essentially a generic superhero story. Serves to set up a bunch of IP for future MCU movies and series, but not much else.
A fitting tribute to the late Chadwick Boseman, RIP. This film was a truly beautiful spectacle, combining drama, action and above all an enormous sense of fulfilment and Wakandan pride. It was everything I hoped it to be and more. A must watch, not just for the most enthusiastic Black Panther fans, but for anybody who has watched the first film. Just make sure you have a box of tissues at the ready, as this is an emotional rollercoaster. Wakanda Forever.
I was not expecting too much from this after recent films, but i was surprised by this one. The pacing was good and the story didn't make me want to take 2 and a half hour nap. would not watch it again though.
Que película aburrida y genérica, de lo peor del ucm, namor es un chiste y riri lo peor de la película.
I actually enjoyed this surprisingly much more than the 1st one, it has compelling characters, a decent script, powerful messages, great visuals and an amazing tribute to chadwick boseman.
The plot of this film is very bad.  There are many loopholes in the plot and characters. It makes me doubt the level of screenwriter and director
A must watch. Exciting and touching. Well done and acted. Waiting for phase 5....
Boring, shallow, and ridiculous. The acting is bad, so is the writing. The lead Mary Sue, a toothpick who never leaves the lab, instantly becomes the worlds greatest warrior in what was probably the 1st fight in her entire life. Ok, she drank a potion. Which kind of leaves you wondering why doesn't everyone? Maybe there's an explanation but really nothing about this movie feels real, earned, or believable.
Liked the first one but found this one poorly written in comparison. New characters were bland (villain especially), the acting was quite average all round (RIP Chadwick Boseman you'll be missed) and it was far far longer than it should have been. 

Without giving anything away there's a decent cameo that saves some face in the acting department but I was sad that they didn't get more screen time. 

Marvel universe started out trying to ground the comic characters in reality as much as they could to make it semi-believable and I really liked that approach. This one completely ditches that. By the end it becomes so far fetched and CGI heavy that it loses any impact.
This movie overshadowed another marvel phase 4 movie but I expected a lot more.
Always an MCU fan….but this was just boring, barely made sense and had so many ridiculous twists, plots and sub plots.  I bought it on Amazon, so I own it.  This is one that won't be watched again..
8.0/10- it was never going to be the same without Chadwick, but still a solid film. Namor and his people were a really cold adversary.
Marvel universe coughing up diamonds here. I’m not going to say a lot I got a chance to check it out. Before I say it was the best performance I have to finish the entire movie again.
It's mids imo.  The death of tchalla was almost enough to ruin it for me. It makes no sense. Tchalla had his powers back in end game. Part of his powers are that he's much more durable and is pretty much immune to illness (like captain America as well). So how'd he die of an illness? Did he loose his powers again? Apparently he did? I mean shuri was trying to recreate the herb for him. So he would have had to loose his powers. But they didn't explain it at all. They left it vague and said it's an illness because that's how boseman actually died. I'm personally real sick of real world stuff finding it's way into fantasy. They really needed to explain it better,or preferably recast imo. Also it had very little character intros, and it had almost no effect on the larger MCU story. We didn't even get a post credit scene that was leading to the next project. This would have been a perfect time to introduce Dr doom. In the comics he orchestrates the war between wakanda and Atlantis. So it would be perfect. That's my biggest issue. It ended phase 4 but didn't really build to a broader story, and it's the last project. That's the biggest issue with phase 4 as a whole. I'm getting really tired of marvel slow rolling fans. They typically only introduce like 1-3 characters a movie. And they are very slow to build an overarching narrative. It worked very well at first. Now..... There's no reason that they shouldn't be putting fox characters on screen asap(unless they are purposely milking it for everything it's worth). I still enjoyed it. I did watch it more than once. So that says that it's atleast enjoyable. Just a bit disappointing though. It's crazy that the reviews are so high. I kinda don't trust it. I've talked to many people personally who didn't like it at all. I've talked to more that also think it's mids(c-c+ish). And I haven't talked to anyone that looooooooooves it. Soooooooooo..... That kinda seems odd.
Why there are some black panther fans praise the movie, I honestly didnt like it because of the runtime, I mean marvel, your movies are good and amazing but just make sure to at least put a less runtime
Worst marvel movie so far, did not do the legacy of Chadwick anything. He do so much for that first film was awesome. Now that Disney have got there hands on it, ruined it.
A bit unusal approach but a welcoming one.

Lots of emotion, characters actually dying. Big questions of identity and who you are.

The movie tries a bit too much at times but it is forgiven.
Black Panther: Wakanda forever

In memorial of T. Chala, aka Chadwick, the Wakanada people and his family come together to bid farewell to their lost son. 

Chadwick is known as the King from the first Black Panther movie, and the actor is also known for his prominent roles in other films.

Most parts were talking, and it could be a little boring. Nevertheless, it has a good storyline, also introducing new characters like Namour and his team of sea creatures 😂.

I was expecting Namour and Shuri to form an alliance and help each other, which they eventually did. 

Wakanda has now left with Shuri, the new Black Panther, and the people from Jabari. It is also known that T'Chala has a son, Nakia, who is keeping him away from the great pressure and threats of the fiction world.

Shuri needs to be taller and train harder to be prepared for Phase 5.
I am an avid comic book fan and one of my favorites was Black Panther. I loved the first movie and when I heard they were making a sequel I could not have been happier. This movie had the potential to be as good as the first especially with the arrival of the Sub-mariner on the scene. But it fell very short of the mark that the first one made for me. The story felt forced. It also has moments of unnecessary lulls followed by the story almost leaping ahead without real explanation of how and why. Also it is impossible to ignore giant plot holes and story contradictions. I think this  is another blunder that Disney has made recently by piggybacking on the success of the first movie and knowing they could put out a sequel and make a profit without putting in the real work on a good story.  The effects were amazing (as always) the acting was above average by almost everyone but the truth is some actors were not meant to play lead characters. They are great in support roles but not as the main focal point. Too back Chadwick passed away. For me he is the only one that could have made a sequel to the original and he will always be Black Panther to me.
……. Won't let me put enough etc. said I had to put some more in the comment.
I just wonder if I'm watching the same movie as everyone else? I just want to be entertained. If I think "how stupid is this?" while watching, the movie has failed. 

The current phase of the MCU just doesn't cut it. If the early movies were like this, we never would have gotten past Thor. 

I miss Chadwick Boseman, BTW. His talent will be missed.
Over hyped movie.  One star for Bassett giving the performance of her lifetime.  Too much CGI.  Story doesn't make sense.  The Panther replancement wasn't believable. I can understand they want to respect Boseman but they should have replaced the character.  The character is bigger than the actor....think James Bond. It was just not a good movie.  I don't reccommend.
They did a great job honoring Chadwick Boseman.
I wouldn't say i'm the biggest fan of the first black panther, to say the least. Its definitely overrated and i don't get the hype, but then, four years later, we get one of the most overhated MCU movies in the entire catalog!! This movie is such a triumph, as it is able to have a tragic and takes itself more serious, but also implements humor and fun action. The characters are great, even if not everyone gets as much screen-time as they deserve. Shuri especially gets a lot more character than in the previous movies. The same also goes for Okoye and Nakia. If there are any problems, it's that there are a few plot holes and unlike No way home, they affect the story big time. Namor, while still a great villain, has some flimsy motivations. Other than that, everything else is so fantastic. There is a lot more to praise and love that i can't fit in this little box.
I just didn't like this movie.  I get that the passing of Chadwick Boseman threw an monkey wrench into the original plans for this movie.  But, that being said, I thought the tenor of the movie was way grief-stricken, I did not find any truly uplifting moments in it.  I get that the MCU has gone darker but there needs to be a little more light to shine in the darkness.  But at least it wasn't Thor: Love & Thunder...
Good, but some of the same typical gaps enter in, even beyond the woke themes. The memorial part was great, very well done. Action was ok, the look and feel, and acting performances were solid, if dialed up just a bit much. Making Namor Hispanic seemed wrong; he was always from Atlantis, and that was the core of his character, with this step obvious pandering to an audience segment. They didn't need another genius girl either, who invented a flying suit, AI, security programs, ocean exploration equipment, on and on. The crux of the story made no sense, one core turning point after another, making it seem like a Marvel template repeat. It was ok though.
what can i say i fell asleep
i liked namor though
This film did not excite me, as the first chapter did; I don't know why, for me, "Wakanda affairs" isn't as compelling as the rest of the MCU, but it is.
Besides, in this particular case, Namor is a really bland villain.
The movie was rather long with many, many, dialogue scenes for an action super hero movie. Seriously 45 minutes of dialogue could be cut out of the movie, and it wouldn't be missed. Hopefully, this formula won't be the new norm for future MCU movies. If so, they will lose their target demographic and sales will plummet.
It had a thrilling Siren with*some stunning visuals and a phenomenal score. Other than that the story was dumb and so we're the characters, I couldn't find myself connecting with any of them
Black Panther Wakanda Forever scales down on the many important moments to truly have the impact it attempted and desired to have, being haste and overflowed. But nevertheless, it shows a momentous growth and strength for the characters in each of their own struggles, which builds a shot but excellent transition into a new era.
Maybe too long, but with 3 origin stories how could it not run long.  Even with it being over 18 hours long (in dog years) I really enjoyed the movie.  Strong characters and  good action...
Great story, the build up was perfect and tenaciously kept the black panther perseverance even without t'challa (Chadwick Boseman) under the mask. Shuri (Letitia Wright) performed the role of Black Panther beautifully!
Hard to surpass the first movie in term of originality and unpredictability, but for a near 3 hour long movie, I somehow was expecting more (the curse of the second born). Some scene felt squished in (like who tf is that chick scientist that comes out of nowhere, we got time (nearly 3h, again), give us more details..), the narrative we're too long (we get, women need more words to explain something, hence the need for 3h? ;)) and that didn't really bring anything to the story + some of the fight scene were just sloppy (it's the third most expensive MCU film so far, 250 millions in budget, but the Lexus is nice, that cop that flat the tire should have been killed for that). With that price tag, I was at least hoping to see a killer whale just jumping out of the water and eating a Wakanda soldier, but nah, just some new tech and Wakanda Iron scientist girl with no background (im suppose to believe she can build that kind of tech, just like Stark, with nothing but her dad throwing wrenchs at her when she was 3yo). Overall, I pay a monthly fee sub to Disney + to watch it and I feel like I need to watch more movies to fulfill my entertainment investment. 

Didn't get drawn in the movie, not that it was expect it, but... the formula of 250millions x 3h doesn't equal better result. Do better MCU.
Que película tan más larga y aburrida, nunca solía perderme ninguna película de Marvel, pero de un tiempo para acá he empezado a olvidar porqué me gustaban tanto. 
Las actuaciones no son malas, los efectos son pasables pero la trama es muy floja.
Long, boring, and disappointing. Black Panther doesn't show up until almost the end of the film. Shuri was not compelling enough to cary the film. Nakia would have made a better BP.
Disjointed plot, mediocre acting, and the usual smug, stilted scripting one expects from a Marvel film. Features such joys as an hour-too-long runtime, corny Avatar-esque blue…people (?) and possibly the least intimidating villain in movie history. At least the effects were good. Just kidding, of course! The CG elements look like they're from a PS2 game at times. The feathers in the villain's headdress, for example, would have blown my mind in 2006 had they been part of a Final Fantasy cutscene. 

The people making these things clearly just don't even try anymore, and apparently, they don't need to since these movies keep getting glowing reviews and making beaucoup money.
How is this at 94%. This was so boring. I love super hero movies (both marvel and dc), but this was a mess.  So utterly disappointed.
Great empowering movie that address hard times.
I don't get the love of this one. The first was in my top 5. The characters are amazing, but they were given a poor script to work with. Didn't love it.
Ever since Endgame Marvel has continued to go downhill whether it be their tv shows or their movies. This continues the trend. Not the worst of the new bunch, but boring throughout and another addition to the sporadic current phase that only ever feels vaguely connected. 

Shuri continues to be awesome but I didn't care for the actors playing the roles of Namor and Ironheart. I really hope eventually Marvel can find its stride again at some point but with every new movie it seems less and less likely.
Unwatchable.  Sorry lingers.  Characters no that interesting.  Just a poor movie.
Beautifully written and portrayed! This is my second time watching and I’m even more in love. There is not anything I would change about this movie. The acting is outstanding along with the storyline, music, score and costumes. Thank you to Marvel, Ryan Coogler, the cast and to all that have had a part in bringing this movie to life. Very classy and what a wonderful tribute to Chadwick Boseman.
Although meaningful as a tribute to a great actor and very pleasant in that regard, the movie simply fails as a superhero mcu movie. The storytelling is badly patched at times. The villain is the total opposite of intimidating. The running time is way too long. It is what it is, a bridge to the next phase of the mcu. Nothing more. It drags itself for too long and apart from the memoir from the first black panther movie, it provides zero excitement. A missed opportunity indeed.
Good movie, I like Marvel movies, but they did a car chase just like the first movie and the fight scene was too long and to predictable, the under sea city was neat but they took too long to show it to you and it felt like the only reason they did was because the made a cool looking ciity.
Nice special effects, but disjointed as all get out.  As in, no idea how to end, and what was the necessity of the CIA bits?
Very long and devoid of joy.
A visually beautiful film that I highly recommend viewing as a stand alone series even if you are not an mcu fan.
Ok . Nowhere near as good as the first one and very slow.
The movie is too long and has some weak points in the plot, but clearly a lot of love and effort has been put into it. That is probably why the director didn't have the heart to cut more deeply. Some great acting performances and decent CGI make it an enjoyable film.
Of course the special effects were good, and cool to watch, but the story was lacking. It seems like they were just trying to think of a reason to have a second part. I just didn't like the movie near as much as the original. It passed the time though and I wouldn't exactly say it sucked. Just not that great. I don't see why so many LOVED it. Meh
Wakanda Forever was a spectacular, blockbuster movie. I only wish I had seen this one in the theaters. I thought the tributes to T'Challa were a little too much, though. T'Challa dies of a mysterious illness just like Chadwick Boseman? Really? Otherwise, this is a solid action movie with the introduction of a new threat to Wakanda. Highly recommended.
Nice music. Otherwise completely uninteresting cgi-fest with poor characters.
Why the princess of the most advanced country on earth would use ghetto slang and talk about the "po po" and colonizers is just stupid writing.
Another one bites the dust…1/2 this movie is unnecessary filler wrapped in a bad story.  No idea why this has a high score.
Not a single good actor in the movie. Even worse was the writing.
Continued downhill slide of MCU.  Decent enough way to burn 2 hours, but nowhere near the top of what this studio can do.
Horrible and so boring.
Easily the worst Marvel movie to date....
Overrated by bad faith reviews or fake reviews sent by bots. This film is long and boring with little action, no humor and the script is absurd. Letitia Wright is no match for Chadwick Boseman's replacement. Finally, Iron Heart is a bad joke.
The movie in and of itself is good, but slightly convoluted. There is A LOT going on and nearly an hour into it before things start making sense. The production & cinematography are lovely, but I feel like there is SO MUCH going on, we start losing emotional resonance. Still, worth a watch for sure, especially if you are a fan of the the 1st movie. Many of the same themes remain.
I don't know what I'm missing here. The movie starts slow, develops slowly, and ends slow. Even most action scenes are in slow motion ;-). Strange, intentionally outdated soundtrack doesn't add anything to the overall impression. And I don't mean African-style tunes, which I can understand given the scenery, but prolonged periods without any music or extremely pompous symphonic pieces that sound like straight from a mid 20th century super production. On top of it all a very naive story, which doesn't even try to make sense - even by the relaxed superhero movie standards…
só a Shuri que é fraquinha e o Namor também. Se não fossem eles seria 5 estrelas!
I wrote this in the middle of the movie because it is not good. at least I don't buy it based on how the story evolved. well, the character Namor, was the only thing that kept this movie exciting, so for that, worth my 2 hours.
Unlike the first film, the effects, dialogue, and characters are all mediocre at best. This is the first Marvel film that I was actually bored watching and wondered just how much longer it would continue until I could leave. I have it 2 stars only because the final 20 minutes were actually worth the price of admission… barely.
Hard to make a sequel to the original Black Panther when the man who starred in the title role has died unexpectedly.

No surprises for guessing that his successor in the catsuit will be his sister, nor that his place on the throne of Wakanda will be taken by his mother, especially when she is played by Angela Bassett, who has been nominated for multiple awards for her performance.

If she wins it will only be because she is black! ;-)
This was a mess from the start. If they had wanted to see blue fish creatures I would have watched Avatar. It was a bad take and I would hope the next one doesn't live in the past. No way should Angela Bassett have got an Oscar nom for her role. There are more deserving candidates.
I give up on the MCU. I'm not even gonna try anymore. STOP WATCHING THESE STUPID FILMS! YOU"LL JUST ADD MORE FUEL TO A MONOPOLY!
Meh.  A few good set pieces but very slow in parts.  The amazing technology seems very convenient for moving plot and introducing new character.  Good performances by Angela Bassett and a surprise guest star (no spoilers).
Not as bad as people say, I thought is was a very story and bear king racist barriers. I like to watch this as a film, and not worry about pc shit. All the same very enjoyable and an good 5-10, rotten score I'll give full marks x
The movie is a true up and down film. At times I was really enjoying it and others I felt like taking a nap to pass the time. Not the worst movie you can watch but they for sure could do better.
I'm not including spoilers, but the story just sucked.  Plain and simple.  So many of the characters are awful.  Shuri couldn't be more detestable.  She's narcissistic, arrogant, self serving, and couldn't care any less what happens to anyone else as long as things are her way.  Okoye, for example, suffers because of Shuri's decisions and actions and the movie treats it like that's absolutely acceptable and fine.  And Shuri is supposed to be the hero of the story!  Then there's Riri Williams, who almost definitely murdered multiple cops who were doing nothing but their jobs, and even then, posed no great danger at that moment in the story.   Beyond the story being bad and the hero being awful, some of the designs, like the suits, were also awful.  I did at least appreciate the memorials to Chadwick Boseman though, but that's where anything redeemable about the movie ends for me.
I must say. I liked it more than I thought I would. It won me over
In the intro I pretended the coffin dance song was playing when the prolific black guy funeral was going, after that I stopped paying attention. Whole movie is just black women bickering and being hood 'cause it cool or something, idk. The blue people are just a rip of of Avatar (duh) and everyone knows the whole theme and idea of Africa having such advanced technology is just liberal pandering. I mean, come on, African American teenager Tony Stark? Not in my America, I live in the real world. Every time I looked up at my phone (every 20 minutes) to see what was going on, the only things I remember thinking were "I wish the main character chick's chest was less flat", and "is it over yet?". This could have been condensed into one 5-minute Liveleak video of your average Georgia family fighting another average Georgia family at the local WalMart... anyways, you get the picture.
I'm guessing they asked ChatGPT to take a first stab at making a superhero movie.  One of the worst in the Marvel franchise with very few redeeming features.
Cheap thrills and extreme cringe. They force a terrible plot through terrible dialogue. A 19-year-old who made a vibrainium sensor for a school project. Okay...
Just a really bad movie with plot holes you can drive an old hot rod through.
Good story but it could have been trimmed.
Wakanda Forever has to stem several duties and it does it excellently. First and foremost, it has to pass the torch of one of the franchises most beloved actors not only in the movie but also in real life. And honestly, how one could see the movie's starting and the end scene without tearing up is completely beyond me. Those scenes were so profoundly deep, that even without the rest of the movie being as good as it is, those alone would make me feel like the time needed to watch it was totally worth it.
But of course the film has also to tell a good story, develop old and introduce new characters, expand the MCU and bring to us a decent amount of cool action and it does all that in a convincing manner. I was a bit concerned when hearing that the antagonist of that film had an origin different to the comic stories, but the way it was presented didn't feel forced or more illogical. In fact, when you know a bit about mesoamerican myths, religion and history, it even made more sense, even when in a world that accepts Asgard as a given, having Atlantis certainly wouldn't have the credibility of the franchise. And Tenoch Huerta gave a great job as Namor, especially in that new context.
So did Letitia Wright, the regal Angela Bassett, Winston Duke, Martin Freeman, Lupita N'yongo and especially Danai Gurira, that all had to deal with T'Challa's death in their own way, while still having to deal with all the stuff around them. It was also interesting to see Julia Louis-Dreyfuss, who didn't seem  quite as villainous as one would expect seeing her former appearances in the MCU, and we'll probably have to wait for Thunderbolts to finally understand where she is coming from. Oh and I nearly did forget the lovely Dominique Thorne as Riri Williams, that I can't wait to see more from in the future.
I also loved the visuals of the movie and how they envisioned futuro-african Wakanda and the equally futuro-mesoamerican Talokan, I loved the water-based effects that, to my eye, looked so much more believable than those used in the Aquaman movie. But even with all the eye-candy, what I loved most about this movie how he used the premise of the movies to deel with very deep topics  like how to deal with and overcome loss and how anger and the wish for revenge can consume and nearly destroy you.
The first Black Panther movie is probably my most favorite movie of the complete franchise, and while I never expected Wakanda Forever to reach the same level, I was really pleasantly suprised how extremely close it came to that. It's the perfect eulogy to Chadwick Boseman and in my opinion, the best entry of Marvel's Phase 4 so far.
This was an amazing movie!!! It was the kind of that just reached out and touched you!
Wonderfully done. Congratulations to the cast and crew for an amazing film. Truly beautiful.
One of the worst movies I’ve seen in the last couple years
Fantastic movie, the performances of Angela Basset, Letitia Wright, and Danai Gurira bounced off each other beautifully and you could feel the weight and emotion throughout the movie. Shuri's character was done perfectly, anxiously waiting to see her again. Very touching tribute to Chadwick Boseman
Tremendo mierdon xd, quitada en la mitad
Big disappointment because of all the hype. Action was boring and cgi was awful. The Queen was the only good part of the whole thing.
If a movie is this long, it has to deserve it. The story is weak, too many plot holes, shuri as Black Panther is not believable at all...CGI riddicolous in many many scenes (especially the ones with the armours), iron heart is terribly annoying.
Not great. Superb costumes though.
Nothing makes sense anymore, I give up.
Black Panther Wakanda Forever is certainly an emotional and fitting way to end Phase 4 that was able to craft an excellent story and characters with strong performances by its cast.
the entire third act is terribly written... sorry
Unfortunately this was one of the worst movies i have seen in theaters this past year so far, and one of the worst Marvel studios movies overall, right down there with Thor: the dark world.  The plot is so disjointed, and so many things thrown in that just don't work.  I think Angela Bassets performance was one of the only ones I legit thought was good, and Namor was some amazing eye-candy to look at, but it doesn't save this train wreck of a movie.  And watching it again on disney+ recently, so many scenes were shoot so dark (at night or underwater) you can hardly tell what's going on on the screen.  And the underwater city reveal was such a disappointment, so dull and uninteresting to look at, especially when compared to the amazing and colorful underwater visuals from the Aquaman movie (and this is coming from a marvel fanboy).  And while I've loved Julia Luis Dreyfus's cameos in other marvel projects, it just didn't seem to fit this movie and really messed up the pacing of this movie and it doesn't add anything relevant to the main plot other than setting up the future thunderbolts movie perhaps?  honestly, I think they should have just recast t'challa and preserved the original plot of the movie instead of putting together this Frankenstein of a "plot" together.  Why is it the rotten tomatoes score so high?  Seems very sus.
what they do with namor ! it could be better .
totally wasted opportunity .
I had my doubts, but I loved this movie! Dare I say better than the first one? To lose a main character and actor, then shift the plans to a new script and have a movie come out that honors that and builds on it is truly a talented group of writers. Cheers!
Movie was terrible. The flow of the movie was awful. Very disappointed in the production of this film.
This isn’t a good movie. How does it have such a high score? Makes you think this is rigged. Plot makes little sense. Generally feels like Coogler had an idea that was Frankensteined into a movie with a bunch of things that Marvel wanted to promote and move forward. Also the cgi felt rushed and poorly thought out. MCU is really giving diminishing returns.
The real world painful underpinning of mourning and grief is beautifully balanced and leveraged into the subtext of this next chapter of The Black Panther. One of the best of the MCU and possibly the most important film in years to truly define a new world where the female protaganist is comfortably all conquering. Great cast, cheeseless script and aquatic world imaginings that left James Camerons recent efforts lacking. Awesome.
Flat, action-less and poorly written. Shame Disney, Shame Marvel. 2nd star is for a beautiful moment in memory of Chadwick Boseman <3
Good but not the best of Marvel Studios
فيلم مميز
 لا زم تششوف الافلام القديمة لمارفل عشان تفهم القصة اكثر
Very much a tribute to Boseman so kind of distracting, but Winston Duke and Tenoch Huerta carry the movie as Namor and M'Baku respectively.
Too many plot holes and the story/screenplay just not up to the usual Marvel standard. First movie blew this one out of the water!
I can’t believe the number of positive reviews for this. I was pleasantly surprised with the first BP, and expected to enjoy this, but it was awful. I’m trying to think of a Marvel movie I enjoyed less, and I can’t think of any. Ridiculous story, ridiculous villain, ridiculous everything.
10/10 I have seen it 3 times since it's release. Absolutely love the visuals and the plot. Perfect.
Really, it was two hours too long, depending heavily on special effects with a slither of a story line. Unless you're under ten - don't bother.
Terrible, waaay tooooo long.... no action, terrible story, bad underwater CGI. Worst Marvel movie ever made, I am baffled on how much money it made, glad I waited for streaming or I would have felt robbed financially on top of the 3hrs of my life.
It's so sad to see how far Marvel has fallen. This was the first MCU movie I chose not to see in theatres, and after watching it at home, I'm glad I didn't.

Weak script. Achingly slow pace. Namor and his people were ridiculous. Riri was awful. Shuri was pretty unconvincing. On the nose social commentary. Contradictions everywhere. The soundtrack was pitiful compared to the first movie. I understood that BP2 would be challenging after losing the iconic Chadwick Boseman, but this was laughable. Every time flashbacks of the OG appeared on screen, you realise what you are missing out on.

The best parts of this movie: The MCU logo stinger tribute was fantastic and M'Baku was pretty good too.

What a shame.
This movie did not need to punch us in the heart that many times...I knew T'Challa's death was going to be front and center, and it still hurt. The story fairly decently, like any MCU movie, a couple plot holes. I feel they could have handled Riri's intro better though it pays off in end. But I must say, Angela Bassett delivered the performance of a life time as Queen Ramonda. She commanded the screen the entire film, even in death. I was critical of Black Panther for its best picture nod in 2017 though Bassett getting the Oscar nod for her role is deserving, and she deserves to win. M'Baku was another great arc coming full circle, being there for Shuri as he promised T'Challa. When he says, The world has taken too much for Shuri to still be considered a child, that hit home, especially after how he addressed her in the first BP. Namor and his people were handled well, deep back story with empathy mixed in pretty well. It was something of a full circle when Shuri sees Erik and not T'Challa, Ramonda, or even her father. She wanted vengeance and who better than her cousin. So much to break down, all I can say is, WAKANDA FOREVER! Nakia introducing Shuri to her son, that was the last gut punch and it hurt in a good way to hopefully carry on T'Challa's (Boseman's) legacy.
It felt like the main point of creating the film was to feminize the Black Panther character. I love strong female characters... but it felt forcibly overt.
Possibly even better than the first film! I felt Chadwick Boseman's spirit throughout this film. It was a beautiful and necessary tribute to a great and remarkable superhero of Marvel.
SERIOUSLY A BAD PLAN , BAD STORY FROM THE GET GOING. IT IS A SHAME IT WENT THAT WAY.
A complete disaster.
I didn't expect the level of quality of the script they made for this movie, well above of the tipical comic adaptation. Angela Bassett's powerful performance set the stage for the entire plot.
It was a pretty bad movie.
This was a barely watchable drama.
Beat marvel movie with the captain americas
So silly. Couldn't get into something this ridiculous. First one was so much better.
Silly rather than sentimental. 
A villain wasted in my opinion and almost all the characters copying those who have come before.  Ironman, jarvis and Aquaman from dc.
A total lack of a good story and an ending without results.
I'm big fun of marvel but this wasn't good at all
Boring, just „girl power", a whacky bad guy… oh my god.
Hey CGI was OK but the movie was so so….. I love almost every marvel movie, but this one was hard to get into..
This was a great tribute but not a great movie. The CGI was subpar and iron heart looked like Metroid or Baymax. I guess that is what happens when you (Disney/Marvel) abuse and burn through graphic artists. Acting was great and story was a 4/5. Just didn't do it for me.
It was pretty good by today's MCU standards.  Just tired of the cliches.  "White man bad" is so overdone these days.  But the emotional content of the film was genuine and some of the performances were memorable.  I give credit to Coogler for making a solid film that you feel.  It was pretty to look at too.  Angela Bassett is great.  Might be the best MCU film of that phase.  I would just like the films to get away from the divisive race stuff.  Make the films for everyone.
Slow long and arduous. Relatively basic script and except for a couple rather average acting. Special effects are superb but dark. The story and film as a whole doesn't fit in with the narrative of the first film which was great….. disappointing
These mediocre screenwriters (Wakanda Forever) should be on a galley for the rest of their lives. This film is an insult to the cinematography of the world, as are these two fools. Aside from the CGI effects, the so-so music, this movie represents nothing. It does not even fall into the category of sci-fi, because it is full of inconsistencies and contradictions to generally accepted logic.
Very predictable plot.  Both my son and I barely got through it.
It's obvious that the movie is a farewell to the actor Chadwick Boseman. Unfortunately the movie relies  more on being a tribute than being part of the Marvel universe. The movie started out strong than lost its focus, than introduced a new group of actors. And added fight scenes. The fight scenes appeared forced as if they were placed there to please the audience. The underlying message by Namor about the Spanish colonization of the America's was one thing, but to hear the female guards from Wakanda to uses the term colonizers, when that country had never been colonized in the MCU is kinda strange since Wakanda historically stayed neutral during that time period. The movie is anti-western while at the sametime displaying two nations actions trying to protect its natrual resources. 1. One nation who believes in being proactive to protect its resources and people.
2. One Nation reluctant and a strong.
believer in isolationism.
For how long the movie was it could of been better.
Parts of this movie were good. Especially those celebrating the life of and marking the passing of Chadwick Boseman. However, overall this movie is looooooong and felt bloated at times. Also the logic of the universe and characters didn't really fit. Also, I think people will wince at this franchise in hindsight.....
It's an awful script, and an awful premise, apparently, Thanos snapping half of Namor's people from existence didn't bother them at all, but finding a bit of metal did, then despite being totally isolated they knew all current events and with the weakest of plot lines try to blackmail Wakanda into mass genocide. I feel robbed of my time watching yet another Phase 4 failure. I can only assume with the audience and critic score that it was heavily bumped in rating due to its part-tribute to Chadwick.
Enjoyed the movie for the most part, but they ruined Namor's character. Instead of the svelte, angular character from the comics, we get a pudgy character with too much jewelry and ridiculously fake ears that make him look more like Dobby the Elf than the Sub-Mariner. The confusing part is: since they made such drastic changes, why keep the absurd winged feet? Getting rid of those wings would have made sense. Instead, Namor comes across as laughable…hope this is the last we see of this preposterous character.
Wakanda Forever pra mim e um dos melhores filmes da fase 5, pois e um filme que nos deixa presos a uma boa narrativa mais obscura e com situações que podem nos levar a uma emoção extrema!
It think the story line too cheesy for a marvel movie.
It was great enjoyed watching it and all the actors and actresses were good. Just wish Chadwick Boseman could have lived longer to continue the legacy.
Way too long for such a boring story. The tribute to T'Challa was great though.
This movie is a series of conveniences, contrivances, Mary Sueisms, and demonstrations in bad writing. 

I hate to say it, because I've never felt this way about a Marvel film before, but outside of MBaku, I didn't like any of the characters and clocking in at 2 hours and 41 minutes, the movie drags and doesn't have that same level or feeling of epic as say "Avengers: Infinity War" or "Endgame" or the crowd-pleasing excitement of "No Way Home."
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022) is a lot better than I expected, especially since I am not a fan of the first film and a lot of Marvel Phase 4 films and shows have been very disappointing. However, this sequel improves a lot from the first film in my opinion. I didn't have much hope for this sequel after Chadwick's passing, but this film did manage to continue the story pretty decently without him.
Really boring. 
Is it me or the MCU has not made a good movie since END GAME?
This movie moved very slow, could have easily been cut down by 45-60 minutes without losing any of the plot. The acting is good for an MCU superhero style movie. The costumes were excellent.
Excellent! Women forward, respectfully. Cultural fashion respectfully done. Set was beautiful.  Movie didn't feel almost 3 hours long, I wanted more. First not forced feeling marvel movie in ages the fact it didn't win every award is a disgrace.
I never thought I'd fall asleep during a Marvel movie, but this one, in particular, was a boring mess, and the motivations of various characters made little sense.
I was going for the bad guys for the first. I did not buy Shuri as Black Panther I don’t she lives up to it. Killmonger would of been better
It may have been a lengthy movie but every second of the movie meant something I was not sure how the movie will move on after the death of Chadwick boseman but they did a great job at paying tribute I liked it just as much as the first one I definitely recommend watching it
Mostly, just... meh...
I liked that women played a larger role, they were excellent!
Spectacular acting all-around, beautifully filmed and a soundtrack that utilized the right music in the right manner at the right time. Certainly a film that is a cultural achievement as well as an emotional journey I am glad I was able to take.  Can't wait to see it again.
This movie was incredibly average, and not very well thought out. When defending yourself from an aquatic species of warriors, how does it make sense to get on a boat and go fight them in the ocean instead of staying on land? Plenty of well-developed plot points like that throughout the movie.
Actress who plays Shuri is awful.  Not even close to the charisma of Chadwick Boseman.  Stupid wannabe Iron Man character.  Namor wasn't terrible but could have been better and more true to roots.  Feige is really not doing great with the MCU.
A meh movie. The first one was way better, it seems the MCU is getting pretty stale. It's good they did a cool thing in honor and memory of the actor, but the story and entertainment value is not there in this one. Not worth watching. Just re-watch the first one.
The movie is extremely boring and has very poorly built characters. Namor had to be Asian and not what they invented. Shuri is a minor character, poorly interpreted that only generates disinterest. The story is unoriginal and says absolutely nothing, nor contributes anything. They blew a good opportunity.
Didn't like the first one, and I don't like the second one. Remove the first 15 minutes from the movie and it is a totally irredeemable mess with characters that are insufferable and a plot that makes no sense.
Bad and boring plot that doesn't make sense.
Great Acting, excellent movie plot and is just good entertainment.
Well acted. Poorly written and the action isn't great, but 3 stars because Lupita is stunning.
One of the worst MCU movies.
Uuuuummmm can I just come out and say it…this was not as good as everyone is hyping it up to be. Am I missing something? For an almost 3 hour film that seemed dragged out, it felt rushed as well. How does that happen? The whole "I'm going to give you a week to come to your senses" thing…knowing it's going to the the turning moment that they devise a plan to save Wakanda, was so laughable. And the CGI…wasn't that bashed in the last film as well? It didn't seem to have improved. Parts looked like I was watching a video game. I really really wanted to like this film, but if actual viewers were basing their opinions and ratings on the film itself and not "societal" factors…they'd be saying the same and not fooling themselves to thinking that this was an AMAAAZING film.
good movie, we already know where the entire budget of phase 4 went, good narrative, the best movie of phase 4 with the best specials, a good villain who had the intention of revenge and saving his people
lame story would rate the acting mediocre at best. nice send off to chadwick but the story and plot sucked. gave it 4 out of 10 as a film. so glad i didnt  go cinema to watch this drivel.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is almost as good as the original. The production value, acting, direction, writing, score, and emotion are so in tune with each other. The entire cast is phenomenal, you really feel their loss of Chadwick Boseman. Namor is a awesome villain, he's on the same tier as Thanos, Killmonger, Gorr, etc. It's hard to believe this came out in Phase 4. After the B-tier movies of 2022, Wakanda Forever was a breath of fresh air. Don't give up on Marvel yet.
This movie was boring. And 1 hour to long.
Let's be honest: it;s not that good. As a Mexican, I preferred Namor to die (it's in our roots to die as warriors), but no... another silly and dumb happy ending. Marvel is becoming the processed sugar of the movie industry. Do we need to fast? I'm not talking about intermitting fasting, I'm talking about 24-48 hours fasting.
This is not a superhero movie - and there is no actual Black Panther until the 3rd act. Tries too hard to push the "woman power" agenda and the CGI is atrocious.
This movie leaves you wondering if the termination of the Disney CEO will stop the push to turn Captain America black and gay, Spider Man to foster a child with his tranvestite lover, and for all of the remaining male superheroes to be turned into 5 foot 5 small framed women. Beautiful tributes Chadwick Bosenam. May Disney find its course and stay there now. It got lost, very, very lost.
It's meh. I like Siri, the elements of mourning ak okayisch. But Iám 1 hour in and there is still no black panther in black panther. Nor passing of the torch. A lot of story bit's feel forced. The brilljant college kid is annoying. In what universe would the Cia secretly recruit a kid whom frontal lobe is not yet grown to completion from college let alone a kid that out thinks any organized scientific organization that narrative is just tiresome kidsmarketing and it breaks with the more serious adult tone of the rest of the film. That way it fails to do both.
It's a great thrill ride of wakanda nd Atlantis nd pay tribute to our friend tchalla with many emotions and feelings shuri makes a excellent embark a journey nd all the cast make better improvement performance nd well as namor with great directing with me cooglar nd the fantastic musical of Mr gorrasson it's all time best film always in our hearts wakanda forever 🌟😃♥️👏🥰👌
While it may not live up to the MCU's golden age, this movie is fairly entertaining and has some beautiful effects. Namor is a great new addition to the cinematic universe. Performances by Angela Bassett and Letitia Wright were really good. Soundtrack is a little distracting at times and the introduction of Iron Heart was kinda pointless.
What a movie with so much emotions. Marvel really went all out🥺
