the only good thing about this movie is that captain marvel is in endgame other than that pretty bad.
the cat was cool though.
Dissapointing i don't like her she is so unfunny and sometimes is quite boring
I fell asleep after half an hour, 0 identification with the protagonist, 0 charisma, the plot is very meh....
Good idea, meh execution. Very good character background, even if the arc is somewhat lacking. Making Carol so powerful she essentially nukes everyone is simply unfun (even Captain America got beat up post-serum). They also do a poor job of explaining that her powers from from the TESSERACT and not the core. The core's power is from the tesseract, even if it's not physically there. Would've been better had they explored the trauma of her life, both as Carol and Vers, and how she's always been underestimated. Overall, not bad, definitely feels like a prequel movie.
Even though Larson is the star, Jude Law carries the entire film on his back and somehow manages to do it without getting a hernia.
Solid and fun orgin story.  90s setting brings back memories and there is a fun dynamic with Carol and Nick Fury.  Still funny moments which makes this entertaining all throughout.  You never really get a grasps on Captain Marvel's powers though.
Always watch a Marvel film at least twice in its lifetime to get a better review; With that being said this movie is a basic origin story with nothing that stands out and a generic plot
It’s an enjoyable film and worth watching, the acting is really good too
Damn I really wanted to like this film, but overall it's just bad.
A great origins film to introduce Carol Danvers into the MCU. 
A fresh take on the costume. 
Have a buddy-cop vibe between Carol & Nick Fury

I might say this is actually better written than the sequels The Marvels
Rushed, vain attempt at retrofitting Cap Marvel into the Infinity saga. It’s ok. About as high praise as I can give it
Not bad, but it fails to live up to the hype of most debuts in the Mcu. Ben Mendelsohn Is a highlight as a character and as an actor. This movie struggles to balance humor with serious moments, though it is entertaining for the most part
Not even close to other movies in the franchise.
이 영화에 대한 내 평가에 비해 점수를 너무 높게 매긴 것 같다.
While Captain Marvel may provide an entertaining experience for casual fans of the MCU, it falls short of expectations for those seeking a profound and grounded origin story for one of the most prominent female superheroes in the Marvel pantheon. Regrettably, the film’s attempts to incorporate comedic elements have diminished Carol Denver’s potential to convey her significance within the Marvel universe to audiences.

Though I don’t think it’s terrible but just a slight disappointment with the choice of direction for her story.

Grading: C+
Captain Marvel is a lot better in my opinion than most people say.

The characters are well-written, the mystery about the main character keeps the story engaging. The big twist of the movie didn't hit that hard, because of Guardians of the Galaxy, but I enjoyed it very much. It was also revealing that the skrulls were pretty kind to people and that Korath (Djimon Hounsou) was supposed to be on the good side. I loved to see more Nick Fury, Agent Coulson and SHIELD stuff. The ending fight sequence was too over the top though. I loved this so much, because it had elements from some of my favourite movies. The character mystery with the fragments of memories reminded me of Oblivion. The dogfights reminded me of Top Gun and Star Wars. The theme of war and the use of it is great.

The cinematography is one of the best I've seen in Marvel movies, there's one scene one Earth with Jude Laws character where the lighting is just absolutely perfect. The editing is good, but I think the last 30 minutes could've been faster, because the main mystery was solved there wasn't as much intriguing elements as before. The visual effects look gorgeous, it's also one of the best in Marvel history so far. The cast is stellar. I loved to see more of Jude Law after watching Skeleton Crew, while it was also great to see Samuel L. Jackson, Clark Gregg and Ben Mendelsohn.

Captain Marvel could've been even more awesome if not for the revealing elements and the over the top fight sequence at the end.
captain marvel was excellent
캡틴 마블은 히어로가 아니다
그저 페미니즘을 MCU에 주입하기 위해 만든 캐릭터일 뿐
영화 스토리, 캐릭터 특성, 재미
전부 처참한 쓰레기다
그녀 때문에 MCU가 망하기 시작했다
This “badass” new-age superhero they hyped up? Total try-hard cringe-fest. Carol—what a dumb name—tries to act like she’s the cool guy, outsmarting Nick Fury of all people. Like, girl, you’re just some random air force pilot who accidentally blew up her boss’s engine, and now you’ve got superpowers? Please.

The acting? Random at best. The plot? A mess. And the way they force-fed connections to the MCU? It made everything feel cheap.

But let’s talk about Fury for a second. They really gave the man one of his most badass traits—his scar—from a freaking cat. A CAT. Are you kidding me? They did Fury so dirty. I don’t even know what Ryan Fleck was thinking with that one.

And don’t even get me started on Fury’s lines. He’s supposed to be this serious, hard-as-nails guy, but in this movie, he’s just… off. Like, did they even watch the other Marvel films?

Look, I’m all for female empowerment in the MCU—it’s long overdue. But this? They made the so-called “most powerful” Avenger come off as nothing more than an awkward, wannabe hero trying way too hard to be cool.

The only thing saving this movie from a zero is the decent CGI.
An all around good movie with lots of heart and humor. The only people hating on this movie are insecure incel boys who can’t handle a female lead in their movies who isn’t an underdeveloped portrayal of misogyny.
Meh. Better marvel movies, but enjoyable. LOL!
One of the hardest MCU movies to actually get through for me. The first half of the movie is okay, which is why I give it a higher rating than I believe the second half deserves. The storytelling is a little out of sorts and out of order, which is strategically placed within the movie to show off the character, more than the story, since it is fairly easy to see where it’s going even within the first thirty minutes or so of the movie. Jude Law’s potential to make this movie exponentially better was dashed by an anticlimactic scene in the climax of the movie. Brie Larson’s acting chops also are torn apart by the directing and scriptwriting of this movie. The MCU is also ripped apart and made out to be a joke almost in favor of building up Carol Danvers, a character that we had no previous feeling or bonds with at all in the history of eleven years of movies. The entirety of the movie feels so forced, and so does the titular character, who makes every other hero look foolish, in a very bad way. The very foundations of the MCU and what makes Nick Fury, SHIELD, and the Avengers great, now leads back to an underwhelming character who was on Earth for a couple days, bashed the “primitive lifestyle” of humans, made a bunch of broken promises, and then left for thirty years after finding a reason to stay. Nick Fury is also made out to be a complete and utter joke in this movie, and tarnishes his reputation in the role in previous installments. This movie cracks a perfect foundation which is such a shame to see.
This movie just had the worst writing ever. Captain Marvel was just and obnoxious and cocky character.
I thought this was really good
A decently entertaining marvel movie that gets a bad rap from the internet & WAY too much obsession from creepy incel right-wing YouTube grifters. Bree Larson is ok with what she’s given, but the movie is carried by Samuel Jackson's likable energy & banter with her. Certainly makes up for Jude Law's lame strawman character that somehow gets to still "win" against her physically, even though you'd never see that with any male superhero. One of the few times that the feminism messaging backfires and comes across as patronizing. But it's still a pretty entertaining and likable movie with some solid action scenes and a nice story payoff with the best friend reuniting and a genuinely great anti-villain twist with the Skrolls that challenges the entire narrative & main character's perspective. The movie gets props for that and another star to its otherwise middle-of-the-road rating. Far from the best marvel movie, but it definitely doesn't deserve it's wildly politically charged online reputation for such a relatively safe by-the-numbers movie.
Not sure if the main actor suits the character.. I like the story though
Captain Marvel is okay... the action is decent, but everything else is pretty forgettable and underwhelming
pointless movie and waste of time
No real character development.
Captain Marvel is better than Wonder Woman! 🤔 Would it be possible if Larson could be better than Captain Marvel in real life?
no me costó verla, pero me pareció un personaje muy seco y arrogante, no es una buena película, es bastante básica y aburrida, esta en un orden cronológico antes de todas las películas de marvel, según entendí esta ubicada después de de que el capitán américa está congelado, la razón por la que le fue bien en taquilla fue como fue promocionada, la promocionaron como parte importante para Avenger infinity word y end game, y la verdad que la película no es tan importante, solo para saber del personajes pero ella no es tan importante en infinity word y end game
Hopefully, this is one of those movies that people can look back on and forget all the stupid online discourse of the time. In case time has forgotten the craziness, in short, the argument was if you didn't like this film, it was because you're sexist. Which is silly, there is plenty to dislike about this movie that have nothing to do with gender.

As far as setting the stage, this was one of two films released between "Avengers: Infinity War" and "Avengers: Endgame". I think both this, and "Antman and the Wasp" got some undue criticism simply from comparing them to the bigger MCU events. That didn't stop this film from making over 1 billion dollars at the box office. It just isn't one of the more fondly remembered superhero movies.

But with all that out of the way, how is the film itself? Meh, nothing special.

The de-aging effects on Samuel L. Jackson are really impressive. Watching the film, you simply forget the effect is a thing. He still isn't much of a fit for the action scenes, but his back and forth with Brie Larson is some of the movie's better stuff. One other positive would be from the villains. It is an interesting set up, even if it doesn't fully work out. There is also a pretty cool Stan Lee cameo in this one.

Now for the negatives. By 2019 we had seen a lot of superhero origin stories, and this one does not bring much new or interesting to the table. With Carol Danvers spending so much of the movie not remembering who she is, there isn't much you learn about her as a person. The movie is pretty light on the action standpoint with only one major chase scene. The movie tries to rely more on intrigue, but without a clear goal until about an hour into the film, it becomes very slow moving. I appreciate the "Terminator 2" references throughout, but this film does not deliver anywhere near those heights.

And then the ending happens. I won't spoil it here but suffice it to say that it does not work. Never mind, that the song choice is way too on the nose. Never mind the power scaling issues. The set up just does not work. It is like they were trying to give visuals to some personification of doubt. It was way too metaphysical for what the film was trying for.

I've tried to like this movie, but I failed. Let's have Rogue steal her powers and try this all again.
I had watched this movie several times in the past, and I liked it every time. But now I realize that this Captain Marvel movie is not that good.
There were scenes in the movie that I was quite bored with, but there were also important and beautiful scenes, and there were unnecessary scenes, but I neither liked nor disliked the movie. I think the movie was average, the story could have had a better start, and the movie had a very ridiculous scene, but I can't call the movie very bad or very good, it had its good sides and its bad sides. But overall it was an average movie.
Captain Marvel brings a captivating origin story that successfully bridges gaps in the MCU timeline. Unfortunately, the film garners unwarranted criticism due to the lead character, acted by a highly skilled actor.
Filme muito bom, bem humorado muita ação, o filme é foda uma heroína muito bem construída e o jeito que ela foi apresentada também foi muito bom
Direção: Ok
Atuação: Ok
Roteiro: Ruim
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Ok
It was just fine. Seeing younger Nick fury was fun, but the plot, villain and superhero just don't satisfy me. There's two types of hothead superoes.

1 The type that likes to rush into battle right away and has funny elements. ( Like Iron man.)

2 The type that thinks they're just that Overpowered hero that could save the whole universe from thanos.(Like Captain marvel.)
This movie is one the many incredible live action adaptations that’s come out of this studio. It’s a perfect while marvel movie while sometimes feeling not marvel. It’s great. Most people don’t like the marvel movies that don’t feel like straight marvel movies. But I feel as if these are some of the hidden gems in this large universe. I love bries origin story and seeing young Fury running around and learning of aliens so long ago. Earths been ready for this fight for many, many years.
A very well done origin story for Captain Marvel
The film did it's job wonderfully to introduce Captain Marvel at the very last second of The Infinity Saga.
Love this!! there needs to be more movies and shows about female superheroes!
This movie may be good for some people but it becomes very boring many times and becomes a snooze fest captain marvel is a very dull character don’t really recommend this movie
Hugely disappointing film. The franchises precursor to the downward spiral of what was once just trying to entertain its audience. Not to mention a very boring film. I fell asleep In the theater at least three times throughout this film. The only reason the film was a success financially was because of the way it was marketed. They place it strategically in between two monsters and highly anticipated films. Infinity war and Endgame.
Captain Marvel was a complete letdown. From emotionless acting reminiscent of Twilight at its worst to the insulting, constant reminders that Carol Danvers is "overly emotional" while she shows none—this film felt like a slap in the face. The lack of character development was staggering, and the final showdown with Yon-Rogg? A wasted opportunity. Instead of showing real growth by beating him at his own game, we get the flat "I have nothing to prove" line, and that’s it. The whole concept was poorly executed, and I genuinely hated that I wasted time watching it. 0.5/5 stars—absolutely painful.
While I agree that the movie isn't a "masterpiece," certainly not in the same league as The Pianist or Shawshank Redemption, it's still far from terrible. Of course, there are flaws and things that could have been improved, but it’s unfair to judge it so harshly. Comparing The Pianist to Shawshank Redemption is like comparing a car to noodles (both a car and noodles are good in their own way right?), let alone this movie.

What truly shocks me is the way audiences are reviewing it. Disliking an actor doesn’t justify poor ratings or "one-sentence" reviews. The amount of bigotry and poorly written, nearly illiterate comments in some reviews is astounding.

That being said, I believe Captain Marvel is a great movie with fantastic chemistry between the cast, which brings the story to life. Brie Larson does an excellent job portraying a beloved comic book character, and together with Samuel L. Jackson, they make the film highly enjoyable. Definitely worth watching, if you haven’t already.
Brie did a terrific job with an imperfect script.
Enjoyed the origin story of the female Captain Marvel. I truly enjoyed the special effects and the action scenes. I was quite surprised how good the movie was compared to what other people said.
Ammetto che non è così bello visivamente, la trama puzza un po’ di già visto, come il prequel di WOLVERINE. Ha un atmosfera sconcertata, ha un tono che stava per cadere fino ad un certo punto. Un bel film d’azione che si poteva accogliere nonostante le difficoltà nel creare una  nemesi a dir poco di serie B. Ci sono colpi di scena che non mi hanno convinto tanto. Direi che sono le scene di combattimento che le considero belleLo scontro finale è un po’ malridotto e allungato esageratamente. 7/10
Alson including Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson it's actually Fun!!
The Movie is actually great! except with Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson
This movie is a great 90s time piece, the setting definitely brought back so much nostalgia. the story itself was ok but the acting is a little hard to get through. Brie Larson shows almost no emotion at times when there definitely should be some type of emotional reaction. 

Overall it's worth watching if you want to understand some of the other marvel movies and tv shows
Okay, WHAT THE HELL IS THIS SH? This is radiculus, Marvel wants to end up like Disney. I am so dissapointed in this movie company...
A completely forgettable movie.
The only one Marvel movie, that i couldn't finish because of the arrogant and unpleasant mane character.
Larson is very hard to believe as a super hero or as an actress in general. The movie could have been great. Good story and supporting cast. Terrible lead.
It’s a really good movie.
The plot was innovative
Boring and tiring, a film that introduces the character but doesn't cover anything in the MCU.
An enjoyable movie but has bland and sometimes boring plotlines and characters.
Entertaining but it could have been better.  Very predictable plot and their was no real peril since she was OP the whole movie.
It is alright and pretty forgettable. Not good at all by Marvel standards.
I super enjoyed this movie. It was super enjoyable. Regardless of what fans or people feel about her as a person - Larson does an amazing job as Captain Marvel and it's believable. I thought this was a great origin movie.
Filme bom mas, o vilão tem vezes que enjoa, ele fica chato e atuação decai um pouco. Bom só devo 3 estrelas as piadas e trocadilhos sem falar dos incríveis efeitos especiais mas o vilão...
perfect movie, recommended
One of my favorite Marvel Universe movies.
Not boring, but definitely one of the weakest in the MCU. Nothing stands out much about characters, and dialogue is corny.
There are some mixed feelings I have about this movie. On one hand it introduces us to even more Kree and more story elements to add to the MCU but on the other hand it tells the story through one of the most boring characters. I truly realize that she had her mind erased and didn't remember much of who she was and became something different but the chemistry with the other actors doesn't seem to be there. This was a new level of power though that we hadn't really seen much besides Thor in Infinity War at this point so that was fun to watch. Overall, there are great parts but some things that take this movie down from good to average for me.
Samuel L Jackson and Clark Gregg made this barely watchable.
It's always exciting to see a superhero's origin story come to life, especially being a beloved character from the comics. The dynamic duo chemistry between Carol and Fury is out of this world and added a refreshing layer to Nick Fury's usual mysterious demeanor. From amazing fight sequences and visually appealing superpowers to emotional performances and exciting world building, this superhero movie has it all and can be enjoyed by all ages!
Great way to sew up an origin story. I wish it'd have had more integration with the original lore, but thats fine.
Bland, boring and with a forgettable main character, the star is only for the cat
Haha mar-vell haha funny hahaha marvel wowowow (this movie really doesn't deserve the hate)
Decided to rewatch this movie because I actually enjoyed The Marvels.

I blame Marvel/Disney for Captain Marvel's live action debute.  It was already TOO LATE to introduce Captain Marvel, literally the last minute in phase 3?!?  Come on.  Would of been a smarter move to introduce Cap. Marvel in Phase 2 around the time GoTG 1 came out, then have Cap. Marvel 2 in phase 3.  This would of given the character to grow with the audience as we moved through the infinity saga.

But good job to Brie Larson to have to work with such a weak script/story.
This fits in well with the early MCU origin stories, mixing a nice albeit safe mix of action and humor. Brie is great, fanboys are weird.
É um filme bom, da pra assistir e se entreter.
O filme pecou em alguns pontos. Ser um filme de origem no timing de filmes como Vingadores 3 e 4 não caiu bem. Além disso, faltou carisma na protagonista e com outras polêmicas acontecendo o filme foi afetado.
I rewatched this movie just before watching The Marvels.  I been an MCU fan since Iron man and honestly the MCU will never be as great as it was in phase 1-3.

This movie would of been great if they didn't rush and shoehorn captain marvel in the last phase. Introducing her earlier around the time of guardians of the galaxy would of been better for her character.

Overall there is a story there is somewhat of character development. Could of been better if the writing was better.
Though panned by many, I enjoyed this origin story.  Good characters, great action, and Marvel's signature humor.  Fun to watch.
Loved the nestaligia of the 90's miss those days. Thought the story was pretty good, didn't much care for the back story of how Fury lost his eye. But loved Goose, and the movie over all was good.
This was a really good Marvel movie, yes it's a another origin story type but a solid one. I loved the chemistry that Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson had and the visuals and music score were great.
i liked the movie was it perfect no did i enjoy it yes
It rises to the occasion with strong performances and with its directors' willingness to slow down and take their story seriously, balancing humor, action, and exposition in a carefully calibrated package.
This film has a sense of awesomeness. The character of Carol Danvers is iconic. The story is great, it has a philosophical undertone about the meaning of life, Carol impersonating light itself. One scene reminded me of Gattaca, one of my favorites films ever. Nick Fury also shines, as do Maria Rambeau.
The weakest point for me is the lack of distinctive environment that I will remember, except the house of Maria and Monica Rambeau in Louisiana and the military airport. However, it has some memorable scenes and the general aesthetics is great, with an omnipresent 90's nostalgia.
I have an emotional attachment to this story and its characters since the first time I saw it. I love Carol Danvers, I love the Rambeau family, I love Goose. I loved The Marvels and Kamala Khan's character as well. I really hope we get a last film to close the trilogy.
Saw this again prior to watching The Marvels. This is a great movie with a lot of action and acting from everyone. It helps tie a lot of the Marvel movies together now and during the time of the Avengers. Both Captain Marvels are great hopefully they will find a way to make a third movie despite of all the haters.
The movie was amazing loved the introduction of Hank at the end more mutants are now existing in the MCU on the big screen 🫡
And the finishing touch on Kate Bishop
La peor película de superhéroes que existe, nunca había salido tan decepcionado de una cinta de superhéroes, literalmente capitana Marvel no tiene evolución, no es carismática y los antagonistas son tan planos en la cinta y nadie recuerda ni sus nombres, lo único bueno es Nick Fury durante la película, hasta una película como The Flash es más entretenida  (no puedo decir lo mismo de los efectos especiales)
"Captain Marvel" disappoints on multiple fronts, delivering a lackluster superhero narrative tainted by an underdeveloped protagonist, lackluster special effects, and conspicuous plot holes. The central character comes across as hastily conceived, lacking the depth needed to establish a genuine connection with the audience. 
The disjointed narrative structure adds to the challenges, hindering the overall enjoyment of the movie.
Enduring "Captain Marvel" becomes a tiresome undertaking, with questionable script choices only exacerbating the frustration.
After the awful press beforehand, I expected to hate this movie. At first, it was just bland and boring. I found nothing about the characters or plot compelling. But all of the ret-conned stuff was tortured nonsense and Nick Fury losing his eye to the stupid cat just made me hate it even more.

Carol being out in space and Fury never calling his "backup Superman" until he did was contrived and stupid. Nothing about the MCU's use of this character is good or interesting.

Just BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH .... 

Marvel couldn't even give me a movie to hate. Just a movie that bored me and I wish never had been made.  Not even lame enough to hate... so super-pathetic.
its fine...... the best thing about this movie was fury with goose
A decent superhero origin story that refreshingly starts post-powers and backtracks its reveals. Larson is great, likable and quirky. The de-aging effects used on Sam Jackson and Clark Greg are the best of their kind!
captain marvel is good. it's villains are forgettable and trashy but it's a fun colorful adventure all in all
I really liked this movie, I think Larson is doing a great job.  I have seen it at least 3, maybe 4 times.
It's alright. I personally enjoyed it
Good CGI, bland story.
Filme bom, divertido na medida certa, personagens cativantes e o enredo bem construído.  Ponto alto a dinâmica com Fury.
Boring, short movie that feels super long. Plot is weak and acting is even worse
This was a great movie. I suggest watching Wanda Vision and Ms. Marvel on Disney plus before watching. The movie is not getting the credit it deserves.
Very enjoyable. Great chemistry between Larson and Jackson.
Fantastic film, peak marvel
Captain Marvel starts out with a huge disadvantage because it was released alongside Avengers: Endgame. It had to succeed in the shadow of the biggest Marvel movie ever, and one of the biggest blockbuster movies ever. Despite being overshadowed by Endgame, and being released in a time when comic book movies were getting dangerously close to reaching a saturation point, Captain Marvel is an innovative, exciting, and compelling superhero movie. We get to see Nick Fury in the 90’s, and there are enough surprises to give this movie plenty of momentum. It’s a fun popcorn movie, and a solid step into a post-Thanos Marvel universe.
One of my favorite MCU films. Don't understand the hate for members of the cast. It's funny, explores a great character who has depth and trauma to explore. Fantastic cast.
It rises to the occasion with strong performances and with its directors' willingness to slow down and take their story seriously, balancing humor, action, and exposition in a carefully calibrated package.
This film has a sense of awesomeness. The character of Carol Danvers is iconic. The story is great, it has a philosophical undertone about the meaning of life, Carol impersonating light itself. One scene reminded me of Gattaca, one of my favorites films ever. Nick Fury also shines, as do Maria Rambeau.
The weakest point for me is the lack of distinctive environment that I will remember, except the house of Maria and Monica Rambeau in Louisiana and the military airport. However, it has some memorable scenes and the general aesthetics is great, with an omnipresent 90's nostalgia.
I have an emotional attachment to this story and its characters since the first time I saw it. I love Carol Danvers, I love the Rambeau family, I love Goose. I loved The Marvels and Kamala Khan's character as well. I really hope we get a last film to close the trilogy.
Saw this again prior to watching The Marvels. This is a great movie with a lot of action and acting from everyone. It helps tie a lot of the Marvel movies together now and during the time of the Avengers. Both Captain Marvels are great hopefully they will find a way to make a third movie despite of all the haters.
The movie was amazing loved the introduction of Hank at the end more mutants are now existing in the MCU on the big screen 🫡
And the finishing touch on Kate Bishop
La peor película de superhéroes que existe, nunca había salido tan decepcionado de una cinta de superhéroes, literalmente capitana Marvel no tiene evolución, no es carismática y los antagonistas son tan planos en la cinta y nadie recuerda ni sus nombres, lo único bueno es Nick Fury durante la película, hasta una película como The Flash es más entretenida  (no puedo decir lo mismo de los efectos especiales)
"Captain Marvel" disappoints on multiple fronts, delivering a lackluster superhero narrative tainted by an underdeveloped protagonist, lackluster special effects, and conspicuous plot holes. The central character comes across as hastily conceived, lacking the depth needed to establish a genuine connection with the audience. 
The disjointed narrative structure adds to the challenges, hindering the overall enjoyment of the movie.
Enduring "Captain Marvel" becomes a tiresome undertaking, with questionable script choices only exacerbating the frustration.
After the awful press beforehand, I expected to hate this movie. At first, it was just bland and boring. I found nothing about the characters or plot compelling. But all of the ret-conned stuff was tortured nonsense and Nick Fury losing his eye to the stupid cat just made me hate it even more.

Carol being out in space and Fury never calling his "backup Superman" until he did was contrived and stupid. Nothing about the MCU's use of this character is good or interesting.

Just BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH .... 

Marvel couldn't even give me a movie to hate. Just a movie that bored me and I wish never had been made.  Not even lame enough to hate... so super-pathetic.
its fine...... the best thing about this movie was fury with goose
A decent superhero origin story that refreshingly starts post-powers and backtracks its reveals. Larson is great, likable and quirky. The de-aging effects used on Sam Jackson and Clark Greg are the best of their kind!
captain marvel is good. it's villains are forgettable and trashy but it's a fun colorful adventure all in all
I really liked this movie, I think Larson is doing a great job.  I have seen it at least 3, maybe 4 times.
It's alright. I personally enjoyed it
Good CGI, bland story.
Filme bom, divertido na medida certa, personagens cativantes e o enredo bem construído.  Ponto alto a dinâmica com Fury.
Boring, short movie that feels super long. Plot is weak and acting is even worse
This was a great movie. I suggest watching Wanda Vision and Ms. Marvel on Disney plus before watching. The movie is not getting the credit it deserves.
Very enjoyable. Great chemistry between Larson and Jackson.
Fantastic film, peak marvel
Captain Marvel starts out with a huge disadvantage because it was released alongside Avengers: Endgame. It had to succeed in the shadow of the biggest Marvel movie ever, and one of the biggest blockbuster movies ever. Despite being overshadowed by Endgame, and being released in a time when comic book movies were getting dangerously close to reaching a saturation point, Captain Marvel is an innovative, exciting, and compelling superhero movie. We get to see Nick Fury in the 90’s, and there are enough surprises to give this movie plenty of momentum. It’s a fun popcorn movie, and a solid step into a post-Thanos Marvel universe.
One of my favorite MCU films. Don't understand the hate for members of the cast. It's funny, explores a great character who has depth and trauma to explore. Fantastic cast.
This movie, Carol and Brie Larson all deserve better
It's a interesting start to Carol's story. A little awkward when Carol is on the side of kree. But once free feels more natural and likable.
This movie really disappointed me. Following Wonderwoman, I was excited to see what Marvel would do with their first female lead project. Unfortunately, the movie was a boring drag to get through. Carol isn't aware of who she is for the majority of the movie, and what's worse, the audience isn't either. I never really felt like I got a good sense of who she was as a human. Not what she accomplished or how powerful she was, but who she was. 

Wonder Woman showed us a strong and caring individual and it focused on her journey. Captain Marvel showed us how men try and hold women down. Which may be a fine story to tell, but wasn't what I want in a superhero film. Show us her being strong and capable, stop telling us.
I expected more from the film, relevance to the overall story, and it's hard to empathise with the main character. I just couldn't enjoy it
Really enjoyable peace of film
In preparation for the coming The Marvels, I decide to rewatch it.
Honestly, a little better than how I remembered watching this back when it was in theaters.
Not the best writing but not terrible either.
I still stand with Carol Danvers being played by Brie Larson as a good choice especially with her interactions with Nick Fury, Maria and her daughter, Monica, and even to when she was looking for not only her mission, but also her memories.
I won't lie, the villain choice was as weak as say either Iron Man 2 or 3's villain choice and thinking that is part of how the writing can be questionable.
Hell, this movie doesn't deserve all the hate it was given and neither was Brie Larson herself since I still enjoy her character since I've seen her play well as Carol.
If this was released earlier in the MCU Saga like around Iron Man or Captain America, this would've gotten a higher score.
Not a perfect Marvel movie but still a fun one especially for the fans out there.
7/10.
I like the movie and love brie larson as captain marvel.
I loved every second of it…it's a good movie, no the best one but it's definitely enjoyable and fun to watch, the visuals are on point, It gave me almost everything I wanted and introduced us to an amazing new character….and without a doubt her character will be polished as time goes by.
The visuals are incredible, i think it's mediocre the first watch but gets better each time you watch it
Loved this fresh take on the Marvel character and Brie Larson's work. And especially loved the storyline... classic guy gaslighting woman, until she sees through the bullshit. Plotting weakness and the necessity of a big spectacular fight scene at the end seems more tired, though, than in other Marvel films. Still a winner
The more I watch this movie, the more I feel it was judged unfairly
It's a best cosmic intergalactic epic adventure origin of newest superhero of mcu Marvel prove once again it's a best great visual storyteller how things fit into it it's a one of the best live action debut of all time love it absolutely awesome with great humour action nd lot of heart nd epic thrill ride adventure 👌👏😃👊🎉💫⚡👊
Very similar plot to tangled, and I love tangled
it passed the time, and was a fun watch but definitly not amazingly written or something. it could have been a lot better
It's not amazing, but it's a pretty decent entry to the MCU
This movie is not that bad. There are definitely some parts that are boring
Received a lot of trash talk on YouTube, but it's actually a pretty decent film with some great supporting characters. My main complaint is that it's not well positioned in the MCU slate of films. They should have either had it an earlier phase, or saved it and used it to kick off the new phase after End Game.

I've heard a lot of YouTubers complain there's no character arc, but the YouTube experts seem to have missed the fact that it's a memory loss story. Memory loss stories don't normally have arcs, the memory loss trope replaces it.
Terrible story with no character development and opsticls.
It is rather predictable and the villains are boring and bland. But it has its moments of humor, great action scenes and the good guys are interesting enough to make up for the boring villains.
Truly a work of art. Best movie ever made, I would give 6 stars if I could. Its a masterpiece and makes movies like Star Wars, Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, and Its a Wonderful Life look like they were directed by children. This is my favorite movie next to Wonderwoman and Live Action Little Mermaid.
This movie, Carol and Brie Larson all deserve better
It's a interesting start to Carol's story. A little awkward when Carol is on the side of kree. But once free feels more natural and likable.
This movie really disappointed me. Following Wonderwoman, I was excited to see what Marvel would do with their first female lead project. Unfortunately, the movie was a boring drag to get through. Carol isn't aware of who she is for the majority of the movie, and what's worse, the audience isn't either. I never really felt like I got a good sense of who she was as a human. Not what she accomplished or how powerful she was, but who she was. 

Wonder Woman showed us a strong and caring individual and it focused on her journey. Captain Marvel showed us how men try and hold women down. Which may be a fine story to tell, but wasn't what I want in a superhero film. Show us her being strong and capable, stop telling us.
I expected more from the film, relevance to the overall story, and it's hard to empathise with the main character. I just couldn't enjoy it
Really enjoyable peace of film
In preparation for the coming The Marvels, I decide to rewatch it.
Honestly, a little better than how I remembered watching this back when it was in theaters.
Not the best writing but not terrible either.
I still stand with Carol Danvers being played by Brie Larson as a good choice especially with her interactions with Nick Fury, Maria and her daughter, Monica, and even to when she was looking for not only her mission, but also her memories.
I won't lie, the villain choice was as weak as say either Iron Man 2 or 3's villain choice and thinking that is part of how the writing can be questionable.
Hell, this movie doesn't deserve all the hate it was given and neither was Brie Larson herself since I still enjoy her character since I've seen her play well as Carol.
If this was released earlier in the MCU Saga like around Iron Man or Captain America, this would've gotten a higher score.
Not a perfect Marvel movie but still a fun one especially for the fans out there.
7/10.
I like the movie and love brie larson as captain marvel.
I loved every second of it…it's a good movie, no the best one but it's definitely enjoyable and fun to watch, the visuals are on point, It gave me almost everything I wanted and introduced us to an amazing new character….and without a doubt her character will be polished as time goes by.
The visuals are incredible, i think it's mediocre the first watch but gets better each time you watch it
Loved this fresh take on the Marvel character and Brie Larson's work. And especially loved the storyline... classic guy gaslighting woman, until she sees through the bullshit. Plotting weakness and the necessity of a big spectacular fight scene at the end seems more tired, though, than in other Marvel films. Still a winner
The more I watch this movie, the more I feel it was judged unfairly
It's a best cosmic intergalactic epic adventure origin of newest superhero of mcu Marvel prove once again it's a best great visual storyteller how things fit into it it's a one of the best live action debut of all time love it absolutely awesome with great humour action nd lot of heart nd epic thrill ride adventure 👌👏😃👊🎉💫⚡👊
Very similar plot to tangled, and I love tangled
it passed the time, and was a fun watch but definitly not amazingly written or something. it could have been a lot better
It's not amazing, but it's a pretty decent entry to the MCU
This movie is not that bad. There are definitely some parts that are boring
Received a lot of trash talk on YouTube, but it's actually a pretty decent film with some great supporting characters. My main complaint is that it's not well positioned in the MCU slate of films. They should have either had it an earlier phase, or saved it and used it to kick off the new phase after End Game.

I've heard a lot of YouTubers complain there's no character arc, but the YouTube experts seem to have missed the fact that it's a memory loss story. Memory loss stories don't normally have arcs, the memory loss trope replaces it.
Terrible story with no character development and opsticls.
It is rather predictable and the villains are boring and bland. But it has its moments of humor, great action scenes and the good guys are interesting enough to make up for the boring villains.
Truly a work of art. Best movie ever made, I would give 6 stars if I could. Its a masterpiece and makes movies like Star Wars, Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, and Its a Wonderful Life look like they were directed by children. This is my favorite movie next to Wonderwoman and Live Action Little Mermaid.
There is nothing wrong with Brie Larson as Captain Marvel; the issue is with the film. The fact that it keeps on is such a drag.
Una película que debió haber salido en los primeros Films del UCM, por que su participación en End Game me da para catalogar qué este film prometía mucho más de lo que pudo haber dado según mi opinión, pero Apesar qué la película tiene sus momentos buenos, no puedo decir algo bueno de la actriz protagonista qué da bastante mala espina su actuación en este film, si no es por que estaba relacionada al universo UCM y hubiera sido una película de Marvel independiente, esta hubiera fracasado en taquilla.
Honestly so mad with the way they wasted Brie Larson here. Not blaming the writers for fan toxicity but how could they handle the first female-led MCU film so irresponsibly?
Captain Marvel is a good superhero origin story. I watched this film first in theaters and then recently on Amazon Prime Video, and I must say that the movie feels different on a streaming platform. The format allows for a more up-close, personal, intimate experience that gives access to the actors' eyes and faces and also to subtitles to better understand the abundant dialogue. I think Marvel fans initially gave this film completely unfair reviews. The fans were hopped up on post-Avengers: Infinity War adrenaline and had exceedingly high and unrealistic expectations for the next Marvel film. The fact that Captain Marvel was a woman also triggered a lot of sexist and misogynistic outrage from the usual crowd. Captain Marvel is not the greatest film ever made, but it's certainly not the worst superhero film Marvel Studios ever released. Ultimately, it's not about girl power or men bashing -- it's about celebrating the strength and resilience of the human spirit. Do watch it on streaming with the subtitles on. You'll see what I mean.
I liked it. 
The sight gags about the 90s got just a bit tiresome. Stan Lee's cameo was his best in the MCU. It was cheapened a bit when Cpt Marvel winks at him in something akin to a 4th wall break. 
All told it was a fun watch. I should also mention that I ignored everything Bri Larson said for a year before it released. If I had not, I probably wouldn't have liked it as much.
In my option this is one of the poorest written marvel movies.
A cliche marvel movie that follows the same plot beats as many predecessors. However the movie is boosted by some charismatic performaces from ben mendelsson, Brie larson and Samuel L Jackson. However, the villain is a bland character who we know will have no impact later down the line.
mhe... porquería... ni vale la pena tantos caracteres.
Way better than misogynists want you to think.
Why would anyone want to watch a movie about an overpowered protagonist and the archenemy isn't even stronger, he just tells her to 'cOntRoL hEr pOwErS'.
I know many people dislike this movie but I found it genuinely entertaining and endearing. Better than the average super hero movie.
Perfect movie, Brie Was amazing.
This is probably the 2nd worst movie I have ever seen in my life, and I have seen some doozies. The story didn't accelerate the Infinity Saga at all. It felt like a spin off of Guardians of the Galaxy... Ronan is the 3rd most boring Villian in the MCU only behind Aldrich Killian and Crossbones
Not a great movie, but also not terrible. Had a few entertaining ideas and good scenes. Overall, not a very impressive superhero movie. Glad I didn't see it in the theaters. How this movie made $400 million domestic I will never understand.
realy uderrated movie
Nunca entenderé porque recaudo más de 1,000 millones de dólares
Another fun movie from Marvel, and a good translation of the character to the MCU, ditching some of the more cringe elements of the character’s history.
Senaryosu, alt metinleri, twisti ve görsel efektleriyle çok güzel bir film olmuş. Tam bir süper kahraman filmi olmuş. Antman peşine izleyince fark bariz belli oluyor. 8/10
This movie was really good.It plays the origin story of Captain Marvel really well.Brie Larson and Samuel L Jackson shined in they're performances.The action's scenes could've been better but overall this movie was really good
Great movie, good storyline, humour. A must see for marvel fans!
"Captain Marvel" isn't groundbreaking or a particularly quality piece of cinema, but it's like McDonalds - it's poorly made by heller entertaining - or in the burger's case - delicious.
The moderate, well-paced storytelling has always stood out to me in this movie. Between Danvers reclaiming who she truly is and the story of the Scrolls, Captain Marvel has always left me more than satisfied.
I love how this film introduces an extremely powerful character, something that is very difficult to maintain a certain balance, but it worked very well.
This movie is often looked down on by fans but it surely does not deserve any of that hate. There were some really good moments and I thought Brie Larson did a good job playing captain marvel! I just wish there was better plot elements that should've been added in to the story. I'd give it a decent 6/10 to be fair.
Great marvel movie. Better than most of phase 4
I enjoyed it, I don't get the hate for this movie
Great movie with logically ideas
Only a handful of Marvel movies turn out boring. IMO this is one of them. A movie like this relies on the charisma of its lead. Unfortunately, that was sorely lacking in this film, which is odd since Brie seems likeable in the interviews I've seen.
one of my favorite marvel movies! so awesome and fun and hilarious with some emotional moments and mind evolving moments. maybe ur the brainwashed one
It was so cringe and felt like they were on a $100 budget
Great origin story. Pacing was good, and if you don't expect it to be as grand as Avengers: Infinity War, well you'll leave the theater plenty satisfied with Captain Marvel.

Brilliant acting, perfectly timed funny moments, good buddy relationship (Marvel and Fury), fab supporting cast, and enough of a story to have some measure of consistency with the Carol Danvers canon, it's enough for movie buffs, casual fans, though I'm not sure about the hardcore comic fans.

Stay for the mid and end credits.

Now I've become a fan of Brie Larson after this movie. She is cute, gorgeous and, quite obviously, a terrific actress (an Academy Award winner already st such a young age).
Another good movie of the MCU. Loved seeing new lore for Fury and the Kree. I recommend it.
I loved this movie since the first watch, full of action, adventure and full of fun especially seeing Captain Marvel's powers. Also one of the most beautiful visuals I've seen in the MCU. Great and amazing movie!
Terrible. Only reason I'm not giving this a half star is cause I like Nick Fury. So much boring and bad that couldn't keep me interested
it just was overall bad writing and there was no overall meaninful message unless the message is "you dont have to work for somthing becuase your all ready perfect"
I so excited for The Marvels cause was amazing.
Brie plays an intelligent and believable character along with Samual Jackson, Jude Law and Annette Benning. Well made and fun to watch. Recommend.
One of the more unique superhero origin stories and a great soundtrack to boot. Brie Larson and Samuel Jackson were great together - though have to admit Goose stole the show the whole time. The running gag about Fury's eye being in danger was a hilarious use of this movie's semi-prequel status.
I have a few nitpicks here and there, but overall one of the better Marvel films. It's very interesting that this has a 45% audience rating, yet made over $1 billion. Can you say "review bomb"?
Underrated mcu movie
Eh it's not really good
Muito bom o filme melhor da fase 3 da marvel muito bom demais muito bom demais mesmo incrível vou dar 5 estrelas pq ela e uma heroina incrível demais
This movie is great! There is something just so different about this film that makes it great. This is the second movie to watch by timeline order and this film overall feels like a film from a different year. Great movie!
Excellent marvel film with great characters and story. Samuel L Jackson and Brie Larson were terrific.
This movie isn't too bad. I know a lot of people hate this film, but I don't really mind it to be honest. I really enjoyed Samuel L. Jackson and Ben Mendelsohn in this one.
Captain Marvel introduces a powerful new hero to the MCU, but it suffers from a weak plot that may not fully engage all audiences.
Capitan Marvel is not the best of superheroes, the character lacks depth.
If I could give this 0 stars I would.
Great 90's feminist nostalgia
yall mad she's stronger than your fave LMAO
Most of the people that are critiquing the people giving criticism are saying that we're sexist apparently. To quote a youtube title I saw recently, "The audience doesn't hate strong women, it just hates bad writing". Of which is plentiful here. The fact that Carol here just seems like an arrogant prick (which is only proven further when she says she can take Thanos in endgame without even knowing who the hell Thanos was) just makes you hate her. It certainly doesn't make you want to root for her. In honesty, Fury was fine, the lesbian airforce pilot was fine (which proves again that strong females aren't the problem) but the fact that there's a main character you don't like just brings the movie down.
Good movie not great but good for an origin story… It has some flaws but good movie… Enjoyed it 😍
People who don't like this movie show a small valid point, it can be a little bland at times but the overall story is amazing. I feel people expecting way too much of this film without actually understanding a character and why they would act a certain way. It has a lot of "Marvel humor" which I personally love, but if you don't like that kind of humor you won't be as much of a fan of the film. It is very female forward. The plot revolves around self-discovery in a way about Captain Marvel/Carol Danvers finding out who she is after gaining her powers, I also think the villain of the story is well written and the final sequence aka the "last battle" scene was really well done. I've seen a lot of people criticize the final battle scene as being anticlimactic and I feel those people fail to see why it was written the was that it is. It's not in the top 10 best Marvel films of all time, but as their first female centered movie, they do a really good job.
It rises to the occasion with strong performances and with its directors' willingness to slow down and take their story seriously, balancing humor, action, and exposition in a carefully calibrated package.
Fun movie with action and humor. One of the better first movies from marvel.
Terrible. She had no character and no personality, her powers are lame, her outfit is lame, her look is lame, there is nothing unique about her. The whole movie was a boring cgi filled nothing. BORING.
Although Samuel Jackson, Ben Mendelsohn,  and Jude Law all did exceptional, the rest of the film was… fine. Brie Larson was okay and the script was a little much. This was definitely not the MCU at its best.
Es gran película de superhéroes y buena nick Fury me encanta y también capitana Marvel es carismática los efectos son buenos bien hecho Marvel
Not great but not terrible. The de-aging CGI on Fury as well as Goose the Flerken were the main highlights.  Mediocre overall.
I can't tell you how excited I got when captain marvels badge appeared on the pager. It was a beacon of hope after the dystopian ending in Infinity war. Then I watched this movie... They took a wonderful character, amazing actress and somehow shoehorned them into a lifeless bland movie with no heart at all. The worst thing is not only did they waste a great actress and character they diminished some of their established and loved characters in the process.
It was not fantastic, but not a 40-ish% bad.

I just had issues with the era this was in and the fact that it was all about a race I knew little to nothing about vs grounded in the MCU characters I am more familiar with.
Disappointing. One of the earliest signs of the decaying Marvel franchise.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie! I knocked down a half star as the beginning was a tad slow but mostly because I wish Brie Larson had more lines!!! But overall this will definitely join in the rotation of Marvel comfort films. This is an action packed GIRL POWER MOVIE that is perfect for the 90s time period and can show little girls of today what they can do and accomplish!

I regret not seeing it sooner as I had let the reviews of others persuade me. And I hate that the misogynistic people of the critics' world (and general audience viewers) made me think anything less!
How to bring to the big screen a character that most already know and that is extremely powerful? I was pleasantly surprised, most of the movie is not about blasting things up.
Would have liked to have her evolve more from her early days into a superhero. Some storytelling details that could have been less forced. But Ben Mendelsohn is great, especially early in the movie.
In order for this movie to work you have to like the main character and pull for her to become a hero
But the character presented here just comes across as arrogant from start to finish 
The special effects arnt exciting or engaging and the plot is don  pop ain't by numbers it's boring 
There's a nice use of playing around with the b marvel timeline but by the films end you have a superhero who's biggest power is how to annoy everyone in the audience 
A hero needs to be humble and graceful 
If not then they just feel like a overpowered problem 
Wonder Woman did this story with class but this is just a terrible knock off 
That you can't remember as soon as you leave the theatre
Another in the category of "I disagree with the audience score", although with this one it's obvious on account of the right wing incel crowd negative review bombing it because 1) it has a woman as the main protagonist, and 2) that woman has dared to speak up about sexism. 
It's not the perfect movie, but it is a fun watch, it does have a reasonable story, and I am currently watching the whole MCU through in timeline order (having only seen about 25%, maybe a third, of all the insanely numerous titles there are now previously), and seeing the ways in which it ties in with the larger MCU story as I know it so far is a lot of fun.
This was very mediocre. Nick Fury was great, and the Skrulls were a very welcome addition, but it seems like Marvel doesn't know what they want to do with Captain Marvel. One minute she's getting her butt kicked in hand to hand combat, the next she's destroying space ships with ease. I don't understand what they were trying to do with her.
It rises to the occasion with strong performances and with its directors' willingness to slow down and take their story seriously, balancing humor, action, and exposition in a carefully calibrated package.
It's not amazing nevertheless a fun movie.
The movie just dumps on tradition and history of the MCU. Nick Fury's eye injury, the Tesseract in a lunchbox, the silly nerf gun prank. Worst Infinity Saga movie.
Everyone knows that about 1/2 of the audience reviews are without merit because they're full of incels who are upset that Marvel gave a woman a lead superhero movie. The truth is, this is one of the BEST origin story films from the MCU. We get a young Fury (pre-director of shield), a young Phillip Coulson, a very young Monica R (who is in WandaVision and 2023's The Marvels), and we also get the moment that Fury has the idea for the The Avengers. the amount of CANON awesomeness in this movie makes it loads of fun. Bri Larson is an Oscar winning actress, this film departs from her usual serious drama acting and sometimes you feel that, but ultimately we do root for her character and we do sympathize with her and she does a great job at embodying just how powerful CM is. The underlying "girl power" theme meant the world to me when I saw it in theaters and 4 years later, whenever I see it again (about 3-4 times), I still cry during the beginning of the climax when every version of her throughout time stands up after getting knocked down. Inspiring, fun, a great MCU experience. Better than some of the most recent films for sure.
Is fun movie, and brie larson is incredible with captain marvel
One of the worst movie in MCU since Incredible Hulk. Flat screen writing and worst characterisation made me bore. Except the first half an hour the whole movie was too bad.
OK movie . One time watchable for its lead to Endgame.
I don't understand the negative reviews.  This can't possibly be accurate for a movie that made over a billion dollars at the box office!  It is fun and exciting!
I feel as if this is part of the new age of "The 1st movie is only setup", as it was a tad slow.
Not saying it did not have some positive factors (Music, Goose the cat) but all in all noy a good MCU movie. 
Larson is not convincing, the dialouges are forced.
Loads of uncalled for toxicity against Nick Fury, an element that repeated every 5 minutes. 
Honestly? It made Ms. Marvel not critical for MCU arc.
Captain Marvel hat keinen Charakter und ist einfach nur perfekt. Es ist nie spannend und die Story ist mittelmäßig bist schlecht
The movie isn't as bad as some say, but it does feel like a bit of a drag to watch.
To be honest, this movie wasn't as bad as many said it was. True, I'd rather watch another marvel film because this film is slow, but still — compared some of the other newer films, this one is better.
Personagem não atrai o público. Lhe falta carisma! Apesar de tentar empoderar, erraram de forma grotesca.
I honestly think the majority of negative reviews come from incels who hate seeing a powerful woman, and given all that was said online I feel pretty justified saying that. It's a GREAT film with a great cast, lots of funny moments and a great storyline. Plus after years of them treating Black Widow like eye candy for the Avengers it's nice to have a female empowerment film. If you don't hate women because one wouldn't date you then you'll love it.
This movie was MCU standard. It definitely would've fair better if it came out in phases 1 or 2. Love the scenes where Carroll & Nick Fury were acting like buddy cops. However, the villain was forgettable, They didn't do OG Mar-Vel justice, & haphazardly sets up the Kree & Skrulls conflict. With that being said, this movie was over-hated & often use in bad faith arguments to justify so called "criticism" of female representation. I hope the sequel fairs better.
It is one of the worst movies I watched made by Marvel. Boring, irrational, condescending and completely unlikable main character, who looks sometimes more like the villain of the movie
I liked this movie. It was a solid entry in MCU. The flerken scratch was an amusing way for Fury to lose his eye. Comic purists need to lighten up.
Just a poor movie in comparison to most of the earlier Marvel productions.
Captain Marvel is not a good movie. The casting was off, the villain was one-note, the plot was confusing and I had no vested interest in the final outcome. Just like "Vers" I was completely lost between the Kree, the Skrulls and a mutant cat named Goose. I like Brie Larson in other films, but she was completely miscast in this role. Carol Danvers was described as having too much emotion, however, Brie Larson did not show any range of emotion in this film. Any feeling that was expressed seemed forced and rigid. I got so bored watching Captain Marvel that I stopped and watched Paul Blart: Mall Cop to wake up before finishing. Not even a crash into a Blockbuster and a fight with a granny could save this film. Honestly, it's a good thing that this movie is smack between Infinity War and Endgame otherwise my faith in the MCU might have been lost.
This is an over hated movie. Wouldn't say its great but its a ok movie.
Hahaha tha horrible thing cant be called a movie!
Cosmic Karen with a brick of cheese for a face skulks around until she decide to "believe in herself".  Sphynctal cringe: Deeper, Harder, Puckery-er.
Captain Marvel was an interesting move for marvel. They were originally planning on releasing the next avengers movie, but the Stan Lee, the owner of marvel, tragically passed away. So in honor of him, they made the movie dedicated to him about Captain Marvel, the most powerful hero in the MCU.
Felt very monotone, didn't care for the movie overrall.
This movie wouldn't have suffered so badly if it didn't come out between Infinity War and Endgame. I have seen it four times since it came out and I keep hoping that it will get better with each watch but that isn't the case. Overall, it is an okay movie and not the worst outing in the MCU. I only couldn't connect with Captain Marvel as a character.
Captain Marvel is boring and kinda dumb.
This movie was boring I even forget the plot even when I am watching it
One of my fav stand alone Marvels.
Boring and average. Such a shame. One of the greatest marvel characters reduced to star trek knockoff.
Captain Marvel finally gives young girls and women a powerful archetype in the MCU for the woman as hero who overcomes the obstacles that the universe puts in her way to control her and keep her in bondage. Carol's whole story is based on identifying, processing, and breaking free of the gaslighting and controls placed on her by those who have exploited her and her power for imperialism and the oppression of others. It's also just a ton of fun with great 90s references and music. Carol and Fury have great chemistry as buddy cops seeking to uncover the truth and protect people from the schemes of others. Great fights, great action, and a great story. Brie Larson is amazing in this role.
Ok movie where she fights aliens and humans. They could have made more sense of the story. Captain Marvel was a man back then not a woman too.
It not a bad film, it just that the underdog scenes remind me of First Avenger and the script wasn't good . Brie is not bad as Danvers. The character not having emotion,  work for the character because of the  indoctrination by the Kree.
Personagem não atrai o público. Lhe falta carisma! Apesar de tentar empoderar, erraram de forma grotesca.
I honestly think the majority of negative reviews come from incels who hate seeing a powerful woman, and given all that was said online I feel pretty justified saying that. It's a GREAT film with a great cast, lots of funny moments and a great storyline. Plus after years of them treating Black Widow like eye candy for the Avengers it's nice to have a female empowerment film. If you don't hate women because one wouldn't date you then you'll love it.
This movie was MCU standard. It definitely would've fair better if it came out in phases 1 or 2. Love the scenes where Carroll & Nick Fury were acting like buddy cops. However, the villain was forgettable, They didn't do OG Mar-Vel justice, & haphazardly sets up the Kree & Skrulls conflict. With that being said, this movie was over-hated & often use in bad faith arguments to justify so called "criticism" of female representation. I hope the sequel fairs better.
It is one of the worst movies I watched made by Marvel. Boring, irrational, condescending and completely unlikable main character, who looks sometimes more like the villain of the movie
I liked this movie. It was a solid entry in MCU. The flerken scratch was an amusing way for Fury to lose his eye. Comic purists need to lighten up.
Just a poor movie in comparison to most of the earlier Marvel productions.
Captain Marvel is not a good movie. The casting was off, the villain was one-note, the plot was confusing and I had no vested interest in the final outcome. Just like "Vers" I was completely lost between the Kree, the Skrulls and a mutant cat named Goose. I like Brie Larson in other films, but she was completely miscast in this role. Carol Danvers was described as having too much emotion, however, Brie Larson did not show any range of emotion in this film. Any feeling that was expressed seemed forced and rigid. I got so bored watching Captain Marvel that I stopped and watched Paul Blart: Mall Cop to wake up before finishing. Not even a crash into a Blockbuster and a fight with a granny could save this film. Honestly, it's a good thing that this movie is smack between Infinity War and Endgame otherwise my faith in the MCU might have been lost.
This is an over hated movie. Wouldn't say its great but its a ok movie.
Hahaha tha horrible thing cant be called a movie!
Cosmic Karen with a brick of cheese for a face skulks around until she decide to "believe in herself".  Sphynctal cringe: Deeper, Harder, Puckery-er.
Captain Marvel was an interesting move for marvel. They were originally planning on releasing the next avengers movie, but the Stan Lee, the owner of marvel, tragically passed away. So in honor of him, they made the movie dedicated to him about Captain Marvel, the most powerful hero in the MCU.
Felt very monotone, didn't care for the movie overrall.
This movie wouldn't have suffered so badly if it didn't come out between Infinity War and Endgame. I have seen it four times since it came out and I keep hoping that it will get better with each watch but that isn't the case. Overall, it is an okay movie and not the worst outing in the MCU. I only couldn't connect with Captain Marvel as a character.
Captain Marvel is boring and kinda dumb.
This movie was boring I even forget the plot even when I am watching it
One of my fav stand alone Marvels.
Boring and average. Such a shame. One of the greatest marvel characters reduced to star trek knockoff.
Captain Marvel finally gives young girls and women a powerful archetype in the MCU for the woman as hero who overcomes the obstacles that the universe puts in her way to control her and keep her in bondage. Carol's whole story is based on identifying, processing, and breaking free of the gaslighting and controls placed on her by those who have exploited her and her power for imperialism and the oppression of others. It's also just a ton of fun with great 90s references and music. Carol and Fury have great chemistry as buddy cops seeking to uncover the truth and protect people from the schemes of others. Great fights, great action, and a great story. Brie Larson is amazing in this role.
Ok movie where she fights aliens and humans. They could have made more sense of the story. Captain Marvel was a man back then not a woman too.
It not a bad film, it just that the underdog scenes remind me of First Avenger and the script wasn't good . Brie is not bad as Danvers. The character not having emotion,  work for the character because of the  indoctrination by the Kree.
Captain Marvel is a really cool movie that tells us the story of Carol Denvers in a fresh and quirky way compared to other Marvel movies.

Brie Larson is a perfect choice for portraying her, I couldn't think of anyone else! Plus, the chemistry between her and Samuel L. Jackson is really good, since they're great friends IRL, and capable of delivering lots of unforgettable funny moments.

Another thing that makes this movie special for me is the amazing Stan Lee tribute in the Marvel intro and cameo, which I gotta say its my favourite one: a simple, yet powerful heartwarming exchange of genuine smiles between Stan and Brie. Thank you Stan, for everything.

Don't let anyone fool you! You might have heard bad things about the movie, the character or even the actress herself, I'm just going to say: watch it and judge for yourself, I'm sure it's going to be worth your while.
Película súper aburrida, sin sentido alguno. Pura pantalla para vender.
filme ruim, atris sem carisma, roteiro fraco sem graça...
Bad acting, bad casting, bad storyline, no struggles, no emotions, killed the whole story behind the "Last Time I Trusted Someone, I Lost An Eye" - Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014). I didn't even finish the movie in 1 time. I had to pause it 3 times because I was so bored and annoyed. Sam Jackson deserved better. Garbage movie.
I don't get the hate for this film, yeah it was a little boring but overall it was a solid film
This movie is amazing. It's the most fun Marvel movie I've ever seen. No shoehorned in romance. No overly sexualized female superhero.
Probably one of the worst if not the worst MCU movie in the 30+ movies they have made
Not bad as everyone said about it, it's fun and have quite the story. Love to see a younger Coulson & Fury. Love the glowing powers of Carol.
This movie has flashbacks that should have (IMHO) been in the beginning to build up a connection with the characters instead of the order it was laid out.  Also the political refugees are best, those that are against them are evil message took off 2 stars.
Absolutely loved this movie. Brie was great in it. Incels & YouTube liars who ran a hate campaign in 2019 even before this movie was released to review bomb and tank the audience review can go eat grass. Kudos to Rotten Tomatoes for changing the audience review process after this! 👏👏
Love love love love, beautiful work
This is a movie that I don't watch all that often, but when I do, I like it more and more. Someone mentioned it on Reddit the other day and we discussed it's merits in the chat, and then I spent the afternoon rewatching it. It's a fun damn movie. And clever, too. I love the lore that it sets up and it was smart of Marvel to clear our palettes after Infinity War, to introduce Carol Danvers, and then watch her do her stuff in Endgame. I truly enjoy this movie.
Boring. Not much more I can say about it other than the plot couldn't be saved by Brie Larson's stilted bored acting.
Love it! Carol is a bad a** and she makes the insecure men on Twitter so mad so her impact is really unmatched ❤️❤️
If you are a fan of the source material and canon - you will find this movie truly horrible. If you are not a Marvel fan, you will also find this film horrible. It is not entertaining. I am a decades long Marvel fan, and enjoyed most of the Marvel movies prior to this.
I watched it a little later than I should have, but I really enjoyed it. I liked the theme and the action. I hope they put Captain Marvel in more movies.
The CGI is great but the plot is cliche
Rubbish. It seemed like a rushed movie to introduce a new character before avengers end game.
Like it was actually not as god awful but it is still bad :)
Se arrependimento matasse, eu assisti esse filme no cinema, e tenho trauma até hoje de ter pago para assistir ele.
Eu tive interesse nele por conta dos vingadores, e foi uma tremenda decepção, eu queria poder voltar no tempo para me avisar, para não ir assistir esse filme.
Marvel me decepsionou nessa
While the movie had some decent
action scenes and special effects, overall I found it to be underwhelming. The story lacked depth and failed to keep me engaged, and the characters didn't have enough development to make me care about their fates. Additionally, the humor fell flat in many places, and the pacing felt off, with some scenes dragging on too long while others seemed rushed. Overall, I was disappointed with this movie, and while it may appeal to some fans of the superhero genre, it didn't meet my expectations
Awful movie! Samuel L. Jackson needed his own movie instead of this crap.
Captain Marvel is one of the films in this cinematic universe that falls flat. Generic and uninteresting, the good visuals and acting don't save it.

Rating: 37%
The User score got review bombed by mad MAGA’s. This is a good movie.
It had good pieces but I've never seen a movie Brie Larson was good in. Different lead actress and this would have been better.
Such a good movie, love the audio and visual effects. 
Great pick of colors and background music.
I basically want to be Carol Danvers.
Captain Marvel is an extraterrestrial Kree warrior who finds herself caught in the middle of an intergalactic battle between her people and the Skrulls. Living on Earth in 1995, she keeps having recurring memories of another life as U.S. Air Force pilot Carol Danvers. With help from Nick Fury, Captain Marvel tries to uncover the secrets of her past while harnessing her special superpowers to end the war with the evil Skrulls

The reveiw: Captain Marvel should only be watch if you are watching the whole MCU or your going to watch endgame.The plot is mid and the fight scenes are flat ot terrible. The best part of it though is the introduction of young nick fury and the tesseract. This later help set the plot for Secret Invasions. the acting and cinematography were okay, while the CGI was good enough.
una película que en realidad no muestra a su heroína en un riesgo real algo que le hace perder emoción al filme ,simple pero disfrutable ,guion sencillo .efectos y cgi muy buenos pero personajes poco entrañables
Esta película introduce a la que supuestamente es la más poderosa de los héroes de Marvel y es evidente por el nombre. La idea de esta película es buena, pero la forma en que fue materializada dejo cosas que desear. Para empezar, la historia de origen de Carol Danvers está buena, los efectos especiales y las escenas de acción hacen lo de siempre haciendo que la película logre ser entretenida. Lo malo es que tiene una historia muy simple y genérica que podía haber sido aprovechada al máximo debido a algunos puntos interesantes que tenía. Samuel L. Jackson es buen actor que nos presenta aún Nick Fury antes de ser el Nick Fury visto en las demás películas. Aquí es un alivio cómico que da gracia y eso puede decepcionar a quienes ya lo conocen. A Brie Larson le queda bien el personaje de Carol Danvers en cuanto la facha, pero su personaje es demasiado genérico y plano. Carol no tiene mucha personalidad y eso la hace un personaje difícil de empatizar. En conclusión, Captain Marvel es una película que logra entretener como las demás entregas del MCU, pero pudo haber sido mucho mejor. Mi calificación para esta película es un 7/10.
I'm surprised by these ratings. I really loved this movie.
I don't think I could dislike this movie more
Awful film. Bs honestly thought Brei was sexy back in the day and now from seeing how she is via social media ect I think she's a horrible person.
Brilliant film. Watch it 3 times in the last 1 year and I believe they did a good job making this
I cannot tell you how badly I wanted to love this movie!  I had no preconceptions regarding any of the actors in this film, I was just so looking forward to another great MCU movie.  The first time I watched it I was so shocked at the horrible acting - specifically - the poor delivery by Brie larson. It was not just that she was flat and uninspiring - she was actually annoying on screen and it distracted from the entire film for me. Only after I had watched this film, I read up about Brie Larson and was made aware of all of the controversy surrounding the actress herself.  (I am disabled and my physical limitations often leave me living in a very small type of world - So I was not exposed to anything beyond the films and the MCU or other films I choose to watch) ....

To because I wanted to love or at least like this movie so much ... And in anticipation of the next MCU avengers movie ... I decided to watch it a second time, thinking that if I watched it while I was in less physical pain and a better frame of mind then the first time I watched it, that I could enjoy it.  But it was painful to watch the second time - even more so than the first time. The script is not terrific, but because I really just love the MCU, I could have gotten past that - but I could not get past the absolute dislike of Brie Larson's performance. I could not find a way to like the character ... Now that I'm re-watching some of the MCU movies while recovering from another medical procedure, all I can say is that I am happy that this movie is not important to watch and somehow seem so disconnected from the rest of the MCU that I can just pretend it does not exist.

The biggest disappointment is how much potential this movie could have and should have had. More than a missed opportunity - a complete train wreck for lack of a better term.

Save yourself some money and pass on this film and even if you're not paying to watch it, there's got to be a million things to do with two hours then watch this movie.

This is the harshest review I've ever given and felt compelled to voice my disappointment and frustration with how bad this movie is.
It's not my favorite but I actually liked the the movie. I came here after watching Ant Man Quantumania and I can't wrap my mind around how that has an 80%+ audience score but this one was trashed. People need to rate objectively and put aside their political agendas
it is not really worth buying
In this ruckus romp, Kyrsten Sinema plays Captain Marvel the sassy blonde don't say boo to me super hero that's too busy on her phone right now to acknowledge what the other super heroes are talking about. But who needs to worry about Avenger drama when you're living your best life? Not this girl with her no fucks given necklace from Etsy. Two thumbs up... a stinky asshole.
They ruined the Marvel character Mar-Vell. And I think Ronin should have had a bigger part in the movie.
When everything about your film is good except the main character, there is a MAJOR problem. Carol Danvers is unlikeable, stale, and not funny. While I really like the story and the Kree/Skrull war, young Nick Fury is a blast, and the 90's theme is inherently retro and tubular, it does not forgive the performance of the lead.
Not that great and certainly not the way to handle a character of this nature.
Dont understand all the hate. I really enjoyed the movie. The final scene could have been a bit longer but that's it. Good movie.
horrible movie,  horrible acting, horrible sound quality. nothing at all to like about this.
"Captain Marvel" is a 2019 action/sci-fi film directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck and starring Brie Larson as the titular character. The movie is set in the 1990s and follows Carol Danvers, a Kree warrior who discovers her true identity and learns to harness her powers in a fight against the shape-shifting Skrulls.

One of the strongest aspects of the movie is Brie Larson's performance as Carol Danvers. She brings a sense of depth and complexity to the character, making her more than just a typical superhero. The supporting cast is also strong, with standout performances from Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury and Ben Mendelsohn as Talos, the leader of the Skrulls.

The film's visuals are also impressive. The action scenes are well-choreographed and exciting, with the use of CGI blending seamlessly with the live-action footage. The cinematography by Ben Davis is striking, with a mix of high-contrast lighting and wide shots that help to emphasize the scale of the action.

However, the film does have some weaknesses. The plot can feel convoluted at times, with a lot of exposition needed to set up the world and characters. Additionally, the film's use of '90s nostalgia can feel forced, with some references feeling more like product placement than organic storytelling.

The film's musical score by Pinar Toprak is solid, but not particularly memorable. The direction by Boden and Fleck is competent, but the film's pacing can feel uneven, particularly in the first act.

Overall, "Captain Marvel" is an entertaining and visually stunning action/sci-fi film with a standout performance from Brie Larson. While it may not be the most original or tightly-plotted movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it is a worthy addition to the franchise and a welcome introduction to the character of Captain Marvel.
I think the narrative structure of this film turns a lot of people off to it, but there's a lot of heart in this film, someone being told they can't and they overcome people's expectations and then some.
incrível!!! um dos meus favoritos da marvel.
I understand why people don't like Brie Larson, but the movie isn't that bad. It's not that good either. Tbh, it's not really essential to watch. You could literally skip this movie and you wouldn't miss much.

Just remember there's Skrulls and a cat scarred nick fury's face.
Ni siquiera los regulares efectos visuales salvan a esta catastrófica película se salvarse. Plana, aburrida y sin identidad, estamos ante uno de los proyectos de más baja calidad dentro del MCU. Larson como Carol Danvers no puede ser menos expresiva y carismática.
After a 5 and a half year streak of good movies from the MCU, this one is just really mediocre.
I loved everything about it
it was okay not the best but defo not the worst
People like to count this movie out, but this was a great origin story
Boring movie. The main character wasn't interesting at all!
Brie Larson is pretty good in the role I think she could've been more likable but the movie is very strange as it kind of feels like it there's a lot of things going against it with a not really good finale and she's too powerful and is never met with a match but a pretty fun movie with some pretty good sequences 5/10
Bad acting, terrible writing, not entertaining.  Everything wrong with modern super hero movies.
My problem with this film is that Carol had no growth , it was just some events that happened and the no emotions thing is a bit of a stretch but there was still very few emotional moments that made me shed a tear or made me smile although I did smile when it was over. My overall thought on is this not- wanted film is it had so much potential but then ended up a Disney cash grab.
Yet another super hero transitioned into a an over entitled woman with no extraordinary characteristics other than being a woman.  Don't bother watching.
Lame in so many ways.
it was good but should've come sooner in the MCU
It's a little disjointed, but the setting and secondary characters help propel it to better than average.
Captain Brick on its crusade to save the universe.
Not a good movie and not a good Marvel movie. There are reasons why the hero of this flick gets sidelined with the sequel 'Marvels' (whoever will care about that one).
Do not watch, no charakter development, hates all man it seems
I remember I disliked this movie, but don't have energy to re-watch it again and write all of my pain points. The one thing you need to know. 

YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.
I've given this review two stars and that's purely for the visuals. Brie Larson is as lifeless and compelling as a brick. With a superhero what makes them iconic is they have weaknesses and they show moments of pure raw emotion. There is absolutely nothing likeable about Larson's portrayal as Captain America. Visuals as mentioned are great and was the only thing that kept me turning this movie off.
This movie is a good mix of humor, action, and story. I loved getting to know Captain Marvel and her story.
not terrible, but not much reason to watch it again. solid, middle-of-the-road marvel film which makes it all the more disappointing because it could've been so much more.
Samuel L Jackson is the best part of this film, the de-aging of him and Coulson is cool to see. Jude Law gives a good performance too. While Brie Larson gets a bad reputation, she's decent in this film. The film has some good moments and is funny at times. The "girl power" moments are pretty cringey and the story is abit weak. It's definitely not going to be in the top 15 of Marvel movies but it's definitely not the worst. It was critiqued harshly back in 2019 but compared to the phase 4 Marvel films that have come out since, it holds up well enough and is worth watching during a MCU binge.
An average and unnecessary Marvel movie with an arrogant main character that lacks any charisma and has unoriginal powers.
Disliked it. Useless character, not needed in Marvel universe.
Good movie. Nice action scenes and plot. The twist at the ending is nice also
I loved all of the references to the 90s. I love origin stories and felt this was pretty good. I was left with questions about the plot, but the cast made this enjoyable. Hidden references to other characters and tying movies together is what I love the most about the franchise. It is a movie that I've watched several times and will watch again in the future.
Not worth a movie, the character is not well developed, the acting is mediocre and the effects are not great either. Only the story is acceptable and make it less of a pain to watch.
She's just so obnoxious, as a character that I ended up rooting for the other side.  A raging narcissist who assaults people randomly is not a hero.
I had to recently re-watch this to really get my head wrapped around the movie. I think for me the first time I couldn't really say anything because the movie was so wooden and predictable. There were times where the movie was just so cheesy, for example when they show brie larson dancing and singing in a flashback, it felt extremely forced and cheesy I just couldn't buy the scene. It felt like Brie was trying just way too hard to be silly and goofy, now that I've seen how she conducts herself in real life it makes sense, because she is actually very stern and non-humorous so the parts where they try to make her a likable hangout friend it doesn't work because she isn't that and can't pull it off in a scene. Overall the movie had some great introductions to characters like the skrulls, but if I'm to be honest it was more of a redbox film as long as nothing else looked better that weekend.
Refreshing new character and great cast, but the story dragged
I avoided seeing this one when it came out because of all the drama surrounding it, but I had the flu so I finally got caught up on some gaps in my MCU viewing.  It was about as bad as they said it was.  Brie Larsen just has little to no charisma and gave a wooden performance.  Her character was too emotional in her actions (as several characters rightly pointed out), but showed far too little emotion in her facial expressions.  She kept trying to deliver cheeky quips but they all fell flat.  Overall, it was still an entertaining movie but it was the secondary characters that carried it along.
Started out Solid and just slowly went down. Was Disappointed. The acting is ok overall. Brie Larson just never became charming like Iron Man or had the stoic presence of Captain America. Instead she just was boring and ok. This for me was the biggest problem she just never had any chemistry with any of the other cast who turned in ok to good performances. The closest was with Jackson but even that was hit or miss most of the time. And in a origin story film about this character that is a major problem. The expose got way too much in the middle of the film also. The cinematography is alright. The ending gets ridiculous and way too over the top along with some uninspired Sci-Fi settings. The desert is forgetful. The music is not that good which surprised me mainly because the generic superhero score is fine but their are some weird pop songs in this that just don't work. Very odd choices that just don't mix well. The editing is above average but it felt like the film had too much too it almost in terms of ideas and as the film kept going it just started to drag. This leads to a subpar pacing that by the last 20 minutes I just wanted it to end because I was just getting bored. The special effects are just ok. there is way too much CGI and nothing really pops in this. The effects on Jackson though were good I have to say.  Overall it was just ok. But I can't really recommend this to anyone outside of Jackson fans for his solid performance. Everything else is forgettable and not worth the investment.
Not good at all.  Brie Larson is not enjoyable to watch.
I'm generally a big fan of all the Marvel movies however, my son warned me about this one.  He said, "don't bother, she is a terrible actress."  The only redeeming value of the movie was Samuel Jackson (he is always good).  Brie larson's acting ability is akin to watching paint dry on a wall.  She looks somewhere between bored and pissed of nearly the entire movie.  Well, that's two hours+ of my life that I will never get back.
It's not a perfect movie but it's fun. Talos is cool. Nick Fury is cool. Agent Coulson, obviously, is the coolest character in the MCU, so it's great fun to see him again. Lashana Lynch as Maria Rambeau is terrific.
Complete waste of time if you want to see an actual good movie. Just go watch Aqua man its way more worth your time. Never been that bored for 2 hours and 4 minutes.
Literally cannot remember one thing that happened in this movie. Very forgettable.
I didn't have fun watching the movie, I went to the cinema just because it was between Avengers Infinity War and Avengers End Game
I would rate this higher because Sam and nostalgia of the 90's saved it but, its just not good.
Boring and terrible writting, please don´t watch it if you like superheroes movies, this is a carnival of mistakes.
I love this movie sooooo freaking much! It is the best Marvel movie in the world. In fact thanks to Captain Marvel the movie has given me a second chance to rethink and like all superhero movies across Hollywood. 

I really like Carol Danvers she is my number 1 favourite superhero of all time. Because she really different from most superheroes. She wear my favourite colours red and gold, she's extremely powerful and she freaks GLOWS!!! OMG!!!, she doesn't wear a Cape behind her back which means she been listening to Edna mode advice lol. And even those lot of people say she has no emotions I think your all wrong we literally see her cry at the end were the supreme intelligence captured her and she was remembering her childhood, and how she stepped up when things got difficult for her. We've seen her laugh multiple times and smile. 

There is honestly so much positive things to say about this movie and only positive thing. So I would like to say Thank you to Brie Larson, Marvel studios and everyone who work really hard on this movie. It really did deserve billions of dollars and nothing more but positivity and success. 

I can't wait to see more of Captain Marvel in The Marvels and in future movies/shows. Keep up the great work.
At just over 2 hours, this straight forward origin story is pretty standard, but overall it was satisfying, it felt shorter than it's runtime, due to a steady & consistent flow.
Bien aburrida la trama, lo unico recatable es Goose
Very underrated movie. It's good fun and a joy to watch.
Awful. Unfriendly protagonist and poor screenplay.
The fact that they did away with the original backstory is what bothered me the most. Overall the movie was fun to watch. Larson could do a better job emoting her dialogues. Thus 3 ⭐.
Capitã Marvel repete a fórmula de sucesso dos filmes do UCM, adicionando outro capítulo de origem com uma super heroína carismática (méritos a Brie), uma espetáculo visual incrível e uma trama interessante, que poderia ter sido melhor caso fosse tratada com pouco mais de seriedade.
I thought it was an original, creative, funny, very good, engaging sci-fi movie and fit in well with the MCU. It was a thrilling and thoroughly entertaining introduction to the Captain  Marvel character Marvel character. Brie Larson,  Samuel L. Jackson,  Lashana Lynch, Annette Benning and the rest of the cast were all excellent and convincing in their roles, It's a lot of fun.
its not that bad I very much liked it its a must watch
One of the worst Marvel movie I have seen come out of phase 3. Brie Larson's acting was similar to that of a cardboard same goes for her character of Captain Marvel who comes off as narcissistic and cocky.
Nothing special, the kind of standard Marvel fare you expect. 
But low review due a truly unrelatable and quite unlikable main character. No real story arch, no challenge or struggle. Everything is easy and comes out in their favour.
This type of writing seems to be the Hollywood standard now and underwhelming & unenjoyable experience.
In my oppinion one of the 3 worst Marvel movies. First time watching was interesting but watching it the second time was just pain. Just a bad written story. Only thing i liked was Goose. I definetly won't watch this movie ever again.
Not so much the actor's fault. It just feels so shoved last minute just so they can have the character in endgame.
Terrible, just plain awful.
Standard Marvel movie, OK characters, OK plot.  I'm hoping we get to see more Krull stuff.
Great action movie and addition to MCU. Larson and Jackson have great chemistry. Don't let negative reviews from trolls deter you from watching this one especially if you're a fan of the MCU.
Brie Larson was terrible, that acting was horrific. Can't believe they are deciding to make another movie for this series
This was just bad. I'm a huge fan of superhero films, so I'd go see this eitherway.... but I kind of wish I didn't. My partner fell asleep during it, which she never does.
It's probably the only mcu film I couldn't finished.  It was just dull and lost my interest about an hour in. Not even sam could keep me watching.
Pure brutal. Too powerful, no real suspense or story and not a likeable character. Don't know how anyone can like it.
One of the worse marvel films to date. Thor 2 is worse, but at least has Loki. This one unnecessarily rewrites the MCU lore and ruins Fury's backstory instead,
Really liked this film. Loved the 90s nostalgia and loved Fury getting more air time.
This movie actually gives an excellent backstory with an unexpected twist that is connected in a right way to the avengers. It never bores and maintains the extraordinary aspect that kept the movie enjoyable
It was ok. I was expecting more.
Is this the best MCU film?
no
is it the worst
hell no

The 90's theme is a bit heavy handed  - yes we get it its the 90s!
but over all this is a fun film with good characters 
I loved that the end of the film is a female power fantasy and not a redressed male one
Men and women are different, we have different exp and different voices - Carol learned to not care what others expectations are of her and not accept the limits others tried to put on her and that rang true the same way I could believe Steve Rodgers power fantasy of becoming the best version of himself through physical improvement

Go Carol - higher, further faster baby!
The direction is solid and the performances from the likes of Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson is flawless and there are some inventive action sequences and moments, the overall narrative is weak and uninspiring.
This movie forced me to take a hiatus from watching marvel films.
Poorly written characters, no character development, wooden acting, lame action scenes, slow poorly contrived plot... I could go on.
Sadly I think this film serves as a setback for female superheroes who could be written and performed so much better than this.
Not sure how people really don’t like it, but it has great action scenes, really good acting, and a memorable storyline. Top ten MCU movie imo.
Mediocre acted in a movie that was just all-around boring.
Mas uma forçação de barra -  lamentável o que estão tentando nos empurrar goela abaixo
Not that bad a movie, but not worth a second watching. One of the weakest in the MU. And no Brie, I don't want you back as Captain Marvel. You are a great actress and can do better than playing a mediocre heroine.
Best of Movies/TV Series Collection
A totally awesome MCU entry, clever, hilarious, surprising, with some great origin stories of important characters and it makes you look at yourself and question your assumptions and default biases.  I don’t understand the low scores, sounds like something besides the movie/plot is driving them. See this movie, it’s incredible.
Wooow this is a baaad movie. Worst lead character in the entire Marvel Universe!
Unmemorable movie, there's a little of Top Gun, Green Lantern (that said it all) and worst of all a little of Marvel magic. The protagonist is mono-dimensional and we know how cool, good, fun she is by what other character say about her. She never acts cool, fun or anything else... a big shame!
Brie Larson put too much of her own obtuse personality into the film
Trama completamente forzada. Llega un personajes completamente desconocido a imponerse a las malas. Aparte la actriz es super mega antipatica. tanto en la pelicula como fuera de ella.
An utter bore, bereft of creativity or sincerity. The first true signal for Marvel's new direction: warring with fans by sacrificing genuine creativity and entertainment for political messaging and fan-blaming. Brie Larson is another nepotistic Hollywood child, only one with stiff, wooden acting and a massive sense of entitlement. It bleeds through her portrayal. The character is vapid and lifeless. The story is paper thin. The "villain" might be the worst in the MCU's notoriously lackluster line up. The movie is garbage, a waste of hundreds of millions of dollars to produce something worse than forgettable. People starve while movies like this are made? Wow, what a hero.
I heard that this movie wasn't well-liked, but it is actually a very fun movie with a likable protagonist and everything. My whole family had a great time. I then found out that apparently, the movie was review-bombed by misogynists and the real polls showed that 80% of viewers enjoyed and recommended it, and it was reflected in a successful box office run. I wish I knew that sooner and didn't avoid it for so long.
For all then noise, this is an average and somewhat stereotypical hero origin story, without much depth. Maybe one difference would be that the lead character is actually not expected to improve herself, but rather realize that she was perfect all along, which is a much less compelling narrative. If you need to waste time and don't have anything else to watch, this is something that can be seen to pass the time, but certainly would not recommend you choose to do so, especially if you have any other options.
Super bland the only fun scenes are when Carol & Nick Fury are having back & fourth discussions & the final battle Carol has in space against the Kree. Carol is probably the biggest Marry Sue to this day since besides the flashbacks where she has to act like a tough girl their is nothing else for us to latch onto her usually whenever a powerful superhero gets introduced we see they have a sensitive side to them like Thor, Superman, Wanda, etc their powers shouldn't be their identity. I do however like how we get the Skrulls introduced into the MCU due to how many interesting stories we can get from them in the future like Secret Invasion which can be interesting to see in live action.
No good movie at all. There was absolutely no character development. It was interesting, to see something of the scrull and Kree but yeah, thats all good, i can say about it.
was ok just not marvel
I enjoyed this movie. I thought it was funny, and the chemistry was strong. I've re-watched it several times, and I don't get the criticisms. The acting is fine. The chemistry between Larson and Jackson is great. The origin story, though typically scant on rational thought (but need I mention being bitten by a radioactive spider?) still unfolds nicely throughout the movie. And she shows much more than one facial expression. I'm pretty critical, and I don't get the criticism at all. Time well spent.
Horrible film. I don't know which was worse: the horrible script, which thought it was clever and funny, or the horrible acting by the lead actress who had one facial expression throughout. I saw it once at the cinema, wanted to walk out about halfway through due to boredom and never intend to ever watch this piece of trash ever again.
The movie focuses more on the messaging rather than character development and fails at both.
Szemét. Egy utolsó ócska szemét. A fél csillagot a cica miatt kapta nélküle semmit sem érne.
Brilliant casting.  One of the best MCU films.
Filme ruim, o roteiro é fraco, tem partes várias partes muito ruins, só algumas cenas de ação são boas, por que o vilão é ruim, o elenco também é ruim, ninguem faz o filme ser bom nem a capitã marvel por que depender dela para o filme ser bom ai querem demais, a cena dos creditos é bacana, e que só colocou mais um heroi querendo matar o thanos.
Good start to the Marvel franchise.
The main actress went out of her way to make sure this film never stood a chance with a significant portion of the fanbase, but ignoring that, the film itself is pretty dull. Larson's character isn't quite as obnoxious as the actress portraying her, but the filmmakers give us nothing in terms of character development. As others have noted, her arc was that she was awesome all along, and she just had to realize how awesome she always was. Vacuous and sad.
Brilliant film, start to finish
I thought it was a fun movie the Talos is cool and so is obviously Sam L Jackson the rest of the movie is like eh but still a great and fun time
To be honest, I don't like Brie Larson's Captain Marvel. I hope it's a problem isolated to this movie, maybe it gets better when her stories have participation from other characters in the universe.
It was enjoyable. It was cool seeing Ronan and Korath again. Didn't like how they made Mar-Vell a woman. 2.5 = Ok
Wastenof time and money.
Besides the weak story and mediocre acting by all involved, you can't get around Brie Larsen's wooden performance.  She spends the movie doing her best not to have any facial expression.  It seems her entire goal of the film is to try to reenact Tom Cruise's role in Top Gun, without the charm or likability.  Which is unfortunate becUse, having seen Brie Larson in the TV show Community, I was really looking forward to her taking on this role.
She plays the part with extreme hostility for the character and contempt for the audience.
She seems to double down on her instead  unikeability in her subsequent roles as Capitain Marvel. In the subsequent Avenger movies.
Granted, the entire concept of how Capitan Marvel beicame a superhero because in the movie was ridiculous, and how Nick fury got his eye patch was disrespectful to his character, Brie Larson didn't have a ton to work with, her lack of talent made and mediocre movie dreadful.
Even if you were to ignore her unpleasant demeanor and self-righteous interviews, the concept of Captain Marvel brings very little to the avengers story. And Miss Larson's betrayal of Captain Marvel nearly ruins the entire franchise. 
To summarize, Ms Larson's acting was a d- at best. The remaining cast was a C- to a B+ in parts.  The overall storyline was C, and the special effects were a B.
I rank this movie below the second Thor movie.  By far the worst in the Marvel universe.
absolutely horrible movie
A pretty good origin movie for Captain Marvel. Really looking forward to a sequel. I don't know why so many people had a problem with Brie Larson's acting. I thought it was great. I guess people didn't like how stern and stoic her character was, although if this were a man I don't think anyone would be complaining about it. I mean she was less serious than say Batman, at least she wasn't completely above smiling.
Some of the MCU movies have been mediocre, Iron Man 2, Iron Man 3, Thor 2, Thor 4, Black Widow.  This is the first movie that actually reduced by appreciation of the Marvel movies.  It just feels they went in an opposite direction from the majority of Marvel movies with this one.  They are there to entertain and mix in little tidbits from the comics that are easily recognizable.  This one just dumbed down the very concept of Captain Marvel and Ms. Marvel into a take on a controversial feminist run of the comics.  It just felt they didn't want us to enjoy the movie, just annoy the audience and burn away some good will.
WTH was MCU/Disney thinking or smoking when they approved this idea?  The Captain Marvel comic is not a good comic, it does not sell well, so I am not sure what made them think THIS was a good idea.  Brie Larson had the same dumb look the whole movie, which was the same in 21 Jump Street.  At least in 21 Jump Street she was suppose portray a dumb teenager, but what was the excuse in this film?  The editing was on par with the rest of high dollar MCU movies.  The writing and direction of the movie was just bad with bad jokes, bad dialog and a very bad plot.
If it wasn't wedged between Infinity War and End Game, I would never have seen it. Brie can't act, and she comes across more as a Villain than hero.
Way to powerful, dripping feminism, and not true to the comics.
very preachy and full of itself. Felt like I was being lectured by the class know-it-all
The beginning of the end for the MCU right here. An insufferable protagonist leading in a film that really doesn't matter at all to the overall MCU story. She could have popped up in End Game with an extra two lines of dialog and that would have been a better intro than this mess of a movie. 
Disney Marvel really has no idea how to handle their female heroes when they become the main protagonists as they basically behave in a manner that gets called "toxic masculinity" when men do similar things.
Simply awful I've never been so disappointed with a characters development before.
Aunque no soy muy fan de las películas de superhéroes, esta claro que desentona con el resto de películas, tiene contradicciones constantes con las otras obras y más que entretener busca un discurso político que esta de moda los últimos años. A ver cuando vuelven a hacer películas para entretener y no "educar".
Yeeeeeeeeeeeah, well, actually... No.
Main actor failed her performance, movie was generic and predictable.
A brainless female empowerment hero movie. It only looks good, but its neither smart or funny. There is no emotion behind tha character.
La peor película del MCU. Panfletazo feminista...
Boring and the main actress was so bland. No challenges to overcome, boring.
Its not that the movie is terrible, its just not good. Many movies get away with this by being funny in how bad the movie is but this is not that. The movie is about one step away from being terrible though. 

The plot premise is good enough but falls flat. Never flat. Then you have Disney making a character, designed to be very over powered as a social commentary and just roll with it like it just makes sense. She is really the only super hero they didnt lower the power of and it really shows how desperate they tried to make the character awesome. 

Then the acting also fell very flat. Yes yes, we all know the main actress is bad. Her social media posts and all that prove she is not a good person and Disney, in their time of pushing current social commentary HARD, mixing her into the mix was a recipe for disaster just waiting to happen and the reviews here show that. 

Like I said... its not a good movie but it isnt terrible. I would say easily the worst though of all the Marvel movies and shows. How this got a second movie, I will never know. It wasnt any better either. We just skip these movies in our Marvel binges and try to ignore the very cheesy scenes in the last Avengers movies.
The lack of a charismatic main character and a messy plot and storytelling make this one of the worst movies in the MCU, with one the most forgettable villains in the franchise.
4/10
This was bad. I am not a big fan of super hero movies but wow this one was a stinker.
A hero you want to dislike, she's just mean and above everyone else.
Captain Marvel is a quality movie despite popular opinion saying otherwise. "Worst stand-alone MCU film of all time." Does nobody remember Iron Man 2 or Thor: The Dark World. Brie Larson does a relatively decent job playing the role of Carol Danvers (Captain Marvel) and the movie doesn't come across as boring for the majority of the film. The start to middle parts of the movie do feel slow but the pace does begin to pick up. 

Solid Movie ----------- 7/10 (3.5/5)
very mid movie. worst mcu solo movie by far
The titular character came off as bland and boring
Well the movie plot was ok but it's boring it's not that good and not that bad just boring 6/10
The plot of this movie was quite incoherent, the movie had no direction and was defiantly a disappointment since Captain Marvel is one of my favorite super heros
I didn't even know who Brie Larson was before this movie and now after turning this awful movie off after 20 torturous minutes. I don't want to know who she is EVER again. Byeeee.
Enjoyable, could have been better but decent.
The story plays out as it should and a few surprises. An excellent 2nd movie in the MCU timeline.
Filme muito pretencioso tanto do movimento político dentro a protagonista antipática e nos personagens masculino uns inbecis insuportável Filme feminista horroroso
A good very good movie but could be better
Great, if not excellent. As good as or better than every other solo, origin movie in the MCU with the possible exceptions of ‘Dr. Strange' and, if you count it, ‘Guardians'.

Troll responses from sensitive whiners are just that: people loved this movie, while offended, internet warriors hated it so much that they tried to change that perception.

It didn't work. A billion dollars is a billion dollars.
I loved Brie Larson's performance! This is one of my favorite Marvel movies!! Also Goose is the GOAT.
One of the best Marvel movies ever made.  Larson carried the movie.  Solid cast, acting and writing.
Such a boring character
Screenplay was wrong since the very beginning, Where a golden character legacy of MAR-VELL could be a women but at least powerful not a weak old lady. Last enemy could be defeated by hawkeye
Captain Marvel when I first watched it didn't sit with me too well but after watching it again I can definitely say that my opinion on the movie has changed and it has grown on me a bit. I like Brie Larson in the role a bit more than I use to but I still don't think it's a great it. I really liked the dynamic between Fury and Danvers, the plot twist did catch me by surprise, and the action was pretty solid but a lot of the characters felt kinda stale and 2 Dimensional and didn't help the plot very much but this film in my opinion doesn't deserve as much hate as it gets or has gotten.
The must forgettable movie in the whole franchise with my most hated character in it. Easy to say that this was not the greatest film but more specifically not the best characters besides Samuel L Jackson. Captain Marvel is such an egotistical unlikeable character that is even worse in avengers endgame. Bad movie
This movie is very special to me, not only because of the participation of Brie and Samuel, but the stories of Captain Marvel are amazing and the movie itself is very captivating!
It doesn't really bring much to the table, the main plot is quite generic. Good CGI.
Captain Marvel just needs more in-depth character. Watching her in the story is just uninspiring. Because the story is boring and unengaging. The only good thing about this movie is young nick's furry and the plot twist of the Skrull.
This movie is the long kiss goodnight with geena Davis but in space
a brilliant mcu origin movie
I can't wait for 'captain marvel 2 the marvels'
Best thing about this movie was the special effects. I wanted to give it lower marks because I personally just don't like the main lead, but I have to be fail and balanced. And this movie was actually not as bad as most people make it out to be. I get that we all don't like the main actress but we can't destroy the film over it. It was a mediocre film and the effects were good. It wasn't a bad movie, it just wasn't good. Plot wasn't great, acting was mediocre.
Captain Marvel was just awful. The leads acting was as dry as a over cooked piece of toast and as entertaining as watching paint dry.  The writing was not great. This character seems so forced down our throats and so OP to further force it that it was hard to be interested. Maybe focusing on better writing will make this character and future movies more like able. This was awful.
Another great Marvel movie.
It was boring, predictable and Brie Larson can't act!
Decent, but very normal forumula
This ho-hum superhero flick is fast-paced, but follows the formula a bit too much.  Fast cut action scenes set to girl-rock anthems was fun enough for me.
An absolute snoozer of an action / buddycop movie. Samuel L Jackson does well here, but Bri Larson is given absolutely nothing to work with in this script and direction. Also the "twist villain" is absolutely pathetic.
Very cringe and disappointing
Very enjoyable. Captain marvel kicks butt!
Smug self righteous overpowered girl hits things a lot. Nick Fury loses his eye to a Cat. that about covers it.
People's hate for this movie is forced. I love it and can't wait for The Marvels.
Ambitious, well paced and surprising (if you don't know the comics) - does not disappoint
Isn't the best, but not the worst. Can't really remember much from the movie also which makes it doesn't feel as important. The character itself is aight ig.
Not a good movie. The acting and cgi are horrific.
snoozefest. Can't believe they butchered the Kree vs Skrull story potential.
LOVE this movie. Her struggle as a little girl is very touching.  It set the tone for her resilient 'never give up' character.  My daughter found it inspiring and impowering.  I enjoyed it immensely too, lots of layers.  It's one of those films that benefits from multiple viewings.  Reading some reviews it seems a lot people didn't understand parts and haven't given it a second chance.  I've watched it six times so far, twice at the cinema, once on HBO, three times on my Blu-ray.  Enjoyed it every time.  The younger versions of Fury and Coulson were tremendous, the cat was hilarious.  I'm currently loving 'Ms Marvel' and I liked Monica Rambeau in 'WandaVision' too, so I'm REALLY looking forward to seeing them both team up with Captain Marvel in 'The Marvels'.
The one star is for Ben. His story and character is way more interesting than Brie Larson and cap marvel.
Eh, it was kind of lame. Marvel was sort of a boring character
Captain Marvel is a classic MCU origin story, using a familiar if overused formula that still manages to work here. Carol Danvers/Vers/Captain Marvel isn't the most compelling hero, but Brie Larson delivers a solid performance in the title role. Seeing a young Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) is fun and adds to his character, and Coulson's brief return to the big screen is entertaining if not undercut by a minor twist. The reveal of the true villains is fun, and Ben Mendelsohn's Talos is funny and entertaining. The return of Ronin to the screen had potential, but was cut short and his role was minimal. Jude Law's Yon-Rogg is un-compelling, although seeing him get blasted by Captain Marvel is strangely satisfying. Though it has numerous issues, Captain Marvel still does a good enough job introducing a new hero and making it funny enough to add enjoyment to the viewing.
Yeah, this is better than CATS.
It was really good it was the first marvel movie I watch and it inspired me to keep watching them
Boring. The worst mcu movie ever!!!
Captain Marvel didn't have a heroic character but came across as stuck up and holier-than-thou.
This was not a very good movie.  Like the original Thor I did not care for anything that happened on the alien worlds.  It was just kind of boring, the movie was 30 minutes too long and it got a bit political for my liking.  Brie Larson was not a good choice either, she lacks the charisma for that role.  Emily Blunt would have been a much better choice, but if the producers thought she was too old they could have gone with Natalie Dormer, who looks exactly like the comic book drawing.  If there was any saving grace for the movie it was the fish out of water story taking place in the 1990's.  Sadly this part of the story is short and all too fleeting.  It could have used more of this.  This is one of only 2 Marvel movies I do not own.  Only watch this if you are a completionist, otherwise it can be skipped.
Whack movie. Super boring. Hopefully Iman Vellani can carry the sequel.
worst marvel movie ever. horrible writing and bad character development don’t even bother.
This is by far the worst  marvel film I've seen.... so far! The character Mar-vel (and main actress) are pure and simple just awful. This was the first Marvel film who had made me realise "you know what, not everything Marvel produces is good"
Please come up with original ideas.
This is the worst MCU movie to me. The story is so confusing and boring, and there is no good humor involved. Brie Larson's very bland character filled with girl power makes me want to cringe. She clearly isn't fit for the main role of the movie, as she shows no real emotions and depth to her character. And also, she is way too overpowered for my liking, especially toward the end of the movie. The villain is one of the most forgettable in the whole of MCU, that I can't even remember his name minutes after I watched it. Samuel L. Jackson partially saves the movie from being absolute trash for me, but the rest of the movie sucks. If there's a girl-led superhero movie that I want to watch, I'd rather watch Wonder Woman, a freaking DC film. It shows Captain Marvel how good of a movie it was supposed to be.
No character arc and no tension. Just another dull CGI mess from the Marvel factory.
I honestly believe this is one of the best mcu movies out there it's probably around 15th and has a good plot and great cgi and pacing and it's didn't feel rushed when i watched it and it was easy to understand and the way they introduced carol was great and it's definitely one of my favourite back stories. i genuinely believe that it's rated this low because the the first mcu female lead movie based on a female character and also peoples general hate for brie larson which is disappointing because the movie is really good and i don't think people should have judged a movie/character because of their hate towards the actress.
By far the worst MCU movie I had to suffer to watch. It was so cringe and and tried too hard with female empowerment. Jessica Jones did it alot better..
I honestly didn't think I could dislike Brie Larson any more than I already did, until I watched this movie. How is it possible for her to be so stuck up and full of herself at all times, while being at best a D-list actress? Performance was beyond flat, too bad the studio couldn't hire a double for her acting like they did for her Hank Hill situation.
With all of the negative reviews and hate for the lead actress out there, I was expecting the worst... But Samuel L. Jackson and Brie Larson work well together and I really enjoyed their performances!!
Heavily underrated film i enjoyed it and it got me so interested a lot of people are just mad because she is op
I liked this movie, I can watch it multiple times.  I like the character Ms. Marvel, Bree is hott.  I hope to never see Bree in short hair ever again though, that was hideous.
Terrible movie. No fun, no good story. No character building.
A buddy cop type story where the two characters have little to no chemistry with each other and aren't exactly likeable. Story wasn't interesting and telegraphed it's ideas too hard for any reveal or interesting things to happen.
Really fun! Marvel's take on a 90's action movie, which wasn't a genre I expected them to tackle!
What's there to say that hasn't already been said? It's obvious that this movie was slapped together quickly in order to shoehorn Captain Deus Ex Machina into Avengers: Endgame, and it shows. The plot was all over the place and the lead character's performance was dull as dishwater.

I can only commend this movie for the de-aging technology they used on Samuel L. Jackson, which is second to none.
Another Marvel movie that is just out of place....horrible and forced. Jokes were flat and a different actor or actress would of been nice....too late now.  The filming was bad also....and the CGI was a little much....budget cuts?
Exceedingly dull and poorly written
This is an average film as far as MCU output, in my opinion. Not terrible by any means, but not one I revisit unless I'm doing an entire MCU-rewatch. Others may find more enjoyment in it than I did, so I recommend giving it a shot.

I just created this account to show Matt Jarbo that I didn't have to prove I paid to see it, in order to contribute to the audience score.

Subscribe to Actual Fandom and Matt Jarbo on YouTube.
I just don't like the plot enough to watch it again. I also feel that Brie Larson didn't fit the character of Captain Marvel. She may be a good actress but I wasn't able to see our main hero in her unfortunately.
Throughly enjoyed the movie!!
Maybe it depends on me, but I had the feeling this movie had no connection to the rest of the MCU (except for the appearance of Mick Fury). 
But overall, an okay movie, but just kind of not necessary.
My favorite of all the Marvel Films!
Already a sub-par movie as is, but then you add Brie Larson to the mix, and this becomes a whole other type of garbage.
I had really wanted to like this movie and had high hopes from the trailers but it turned out to be one of my least favorite Marvel movies.  I know this is an origin story but in the end it does not seem like Captain Marvel is Earth's super hero as much as she is anybody but Earth's super hero.  Didn't really see the personal interaction between the characters that I would have expected.  It reminds me of meeting your grandparents when you were 8 years old back in the 60s & 70s before Skype and video calls.  Your parents told you these old people were your grandparents and that you loved them so ... you did.  Maybe you actually developed a relationship with them or maybe you just agreed that they were your grandparents and that you loved them.  Danvers seems to be the latter.
And BTW one of the things that annoys me about the whole "Veers" thing is that dog tags are last name first, first name last so her tags would have read "Danvers, Carol" so if you only had half of a dog tag to name her by her name would be Dan or Arol not Vers.
overhated but not the best
I love this movie. It is fun to see this empowered hero figure out her past. It is a blast to see Nick Fury in his youth and get to know how he lost his eye. Love the story and the twist who the "enemy" actually is. This movie has a lot of dry wit in it. Pacing is beautiful, there are no dead spot, but you do get time for characters to bond. Can't wait to see the sequel.
Buenísima, presenta una super heroína diferente a todo lo que hemos visto antes. Una mujer fuerte independiente y sumamente poderosa. Además la actuación de Brie Larson es impecable como siempre. Espero ver mucho más de este personaje tan increíble en el UCM
This movie took the dreaded "origin movie" and made it even more bland by removing the character arc, either due to Brie Larsen's acting choices, the director, the writers, or a combination of all of the above. I couldn't tell you what really happens in this movie a couple years after having seen it. It's just such an also-ran... it's the Nissan of superhero movies. It's just there, taking up space that could have been filled by a better movie with a stronger message of hope and/or diversity, if that's what they were going for. I hate bland SO MUCH. Awful movies are more watchable than this yawn.
it's not a bad movie, but it's definetly not one of the top marvel movies.
Second watch was by far better with more understanding. Still had a hard time connecting with Brie Larson's portrayal of Carol Danvers. Thankfully the supporting cast kept me interested!
One star because if it was a B-movie i'd point the interesting plot around "we are the bad guys". But no : it's designed as a blockbuster. The worst. As a "somewhat real production" it feels uncomfortable just to imagine that people actually worked on the scenario, the dialogs and the actions. So weird. So many things are off the point that i give up already....
horribleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee pero entretenido
achei bacana o filme
One of the only Marvel films I really struggled to watch.
Pure garbage.   So many lines of dialogue are just cringe worthy.  The completely emasculated the Nick Fury character to make Captain Marvel look good.
Oh wow, don't you just love it when your main character can just do everything she has to from the first minute and doesn't have to evolve or learn a lesson throughout their journey? Cool stuff indeed!
How was this certified fresh? Cringeworthingly terrible.
The main character is bland. She's shown to be overpowered like Superman but unlike Superman she doesn't have charisma. Superman tends to move people because of his struggles of being a human. This woman on the other hand is, from the get-go, an outsider. She does not relate to human struggle and humans are essentially fodder to her. I saw this move in the theatres and while the visual effects were great, the story didn't seem appealing to me. Side characters were also all but forgettable except for the pre-established ones like Nick Fury.

This is the kind of movie you watch when you have nothing better to do in life. On a scale of 1-10 I'd give it a 4.
They tried so hard to force-feed the audience the "girl power" narrative that they forgot to develop any character traits for Carol. The longer I watched, the less I cared.
Bland, boring, predictable.
Very boring. You can't grow to love characters in this movie because it's too brief. CGI ruins most movies, would've rather seen more makeup.
I found this movie to be corny
Love the strong female role. Love that it was set back in time.
If not for Sam Jackson's performance this movie would lose an entire rating level for me. Brie Larson seems wooden for a lot of the film and it is just another origin story that Marvel has done a thousand times over and better.

Rating - Fine
most boring plot out of the entire mcu
I like the movie the cat goose, but it was kind of boring.
A movie that could of been so much better with its potential. Bri Larsen as the main character shows a emotionless super hero that doesn't fit her role one bit. The writing was awful to. Someone's abilities to take down multiple ships but can't take down Thanos. Over all this movie is put in the books as one of the top worst marvel movies
Unlike most origin stories,(looking at you every first Spider-Man movie). This film sores a hero most don’t know well and has a great mixture of plot, action, and comedy
it is boring. probably a script pull out at the last minute to try and cash in from the success of Wonder Woman. not to mention it undermines the established characters of "Nick Fury". I won't be surprised if this was written by the same idiot that wrote "Solo".
Completely forgettable movie and definitely one of the worst MCU movies. Poorly written with probably one of the worst villains I've seen in recent times on the big screen.
The hate is nonsense tbh, the movie is so great I love the plot and sequence of this movie!
Nothing particularly memorable about it other than the Nick Fury bits. The premise had promise but the main character is quite forgettable.
Creo que a estas alturas no hay nada que justificar
The movie was boring.
Feels less like a movie and more like an attack on sensibility! Could Larson be any more cocky? No depth or development to her character at all.
One of the better Marvel movies. Solid story from beginning to end.
A real surprise, sci-fi mixed with real world works well here, liked how it was a prequel to everything that has gone before it.
Probably the most underrated movie of the MCU
On paper, this is a great film... MCU in a retro setting, Kevin Feige producing, great supporting cast (Clark Gregg alive and well, young-ified Samuel L., Ben Mendelsohn has great energy)... but... the two main characters are not likable. 

In Jude Law's defense (spoiler alert), he's not really supposed to be. But Larson is definitely supposed to be likable, and her performance is just flat and dull. Nothing like the charisma of Gal Gadot or Scarlett Johansson. But everything that's wrapped around her is shiny and high-budget... so... Marvel!
It was horrible since the start. It's difficult to follow for someone that knows nothing about this character... I wanted to like it, but it was boring.
The supporting cast was great. The main character had less personality than cheap bubble gum has flavor.
Full of Action, Funny moments. Captain Marvel begins the story of what became The Avengers and why they were started in the first place with excellent story development.
One of the greatest Stan Lee cameos ever in a film but it's trapped in a shit movie.
Larson sucked. Didn't mesh with the cast and the acting was rough. Not in the spirit of the rest of the marvel body of work
I've seen Bre act in other films and she did a really good job, I don't know why it didn't show in this film, I blame the director.
Easily the worst MCU movie in the lot as of March 2022. I found the superhero to just be downright unlikable.
A good but flawed marvel flick. captain marvel entertains the whole family! It has great themes, beautiful visuals and a hero you can look up to.
If Marvel executives and directors think this is an appealing movie to woman empowerment action. They would be so wrong. Feels like an insult.
Ben Mendelsohn is the best part of it. Despite some solid visuals, the story itself was one of the weakest of the Marvel films.
A great superhero origin story. This is not a new idea, but one we don't see much anymore, so it is fun to see Brie Lardon's Carol Danvers grow and develop in front of our eyes. Lynch, Mendelsohn, Law and Jackson are all great also, and while Brie Larson hasn't yet settled into the role, she's at a better starting position than most other heroes.
I made an account just for this movie. I'm also gonna leave reviews of other movies that I have seen.

However. I don't understand why people hated this movie. It's a great origin story. It is a bit rocky, but that's only because it's a superhero movie. Samuel Jackson is great as usual. The chemistry between him and Brie Larson are nice. I really did enjoy this. No matter how bad reviews it gets!
Captain marvel is a good movie. For the first female led movie in the MCU I think it did pretty well. (This movie was and I think still is being review bombed) I personally think it lacked a bit of emotion, not with the main character, but from the villain. But who knows? Perhaps we'll learn more about him in the second movie.
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It was so bland, dull, and boring. I'm not sure if Brie Larson wasn't meant to play this character or if she received no direction, but Carol was so lifeless and unlikeable in this movie. None of the actors feel like they care at all when delivering lines. I wanted to quit this movie so many times but stuck it out for the connection to Endgame, and it was so not worth it. Just skip it.
I was initially intrigued and interested by the fact it was female-led, but this was an abomination to the MCU. Honestly, this is the worst high-budget film I have ever watched.
One of the weaker MCU films. Character seems shoved in at the last moment.
very little villain development and was super cringe. Boring movie overall.
Forgettable fluff! Brie is a boring, untalented actress that kinda makes this shit even worse
Unwatchable. I would seriously consider burning your tv/tablet/watching device.
Its not bad movie, its just meh and with non emotional relation  for the characters, except Nick fury. I think Black Wieow its a little bit better thatn this movie.
Really liked it, it's not the best MCU movie but still a had fun watching it
Good ideas, flawed execution. At the end of the film, you'll feel nothing and you won't have gone on a very deep emotional journey with Carol. Not enough clear character development or themes. The Skrulls are fun though and so is Past Nick Fury. The other good guys and the Kree antagonists fall flat however.
Fair depiction of the 80s for sure, but it lacks originality in the development. My rating: 5/10
Captain Marvel should have been introduced way earlier as it builds her up to be very important in the upcoming movies.
Arguably the worst Marvel movie I've ever seen, and for perspective on that statement, I've seen "Hulk" (no offense to Eric Bank, one of the greatest actors in the world). I could list its flaws, but I have better things to do. It has the overall quality of a made for TV movie. Not worth the full price ticket I bought to see it.
Not sure why the audience reviews are so bad- most seem to have some other agenda rather than actually thinking the film was bad. 
As for me, I began this movie with low expectations, prepared for a very woke/feminist trashy plot with all the focus being on 'oh my god its a girl wow' and not much relevance to the MCU, I did NOT expect to be invested in the film at all. 
What I got was a plot that was actually almost an origin story for the MCU, with a healthy amount of girl power that was pleasant and not rubbed in the face, and quite a decent storyline with some cool action scenes and good humour. It's not the best film I've seen- the plot was a bit predictable in places and the after a certain point the villains didn't seem dangerous enough for the plot to feel threatened by them- but nonetheless I enjoyed seeing a less serious (and two-eyed!) version of Nick Fury and overall this film far exceeded my expectations; I enjoyed it more than I thought it would and certainly far more than reviewers who let some outside source affect their experience. Goose the cat/Flerken is the best character IMO. 
I'd recommend you watch it but please don't let some internet feud spoil it for you. Enjoy!
Pior filme da MCU, humor forçado e história arrastada
The chemistry between Brie and Samuel L Jackson feels forced. Plus Brie Larson is trying super hard not to act. Story should focus on hero's journey but rather it tries to stir cultural poltics.
I understand they want to create and elevate more strong female characters, but with Captain Marvel it's seem like that is the ONLY thing they focused on. This movie is riddled with glaring, plot holes and mediocre, lazy writing that often ignores, negates, and/or renders nonsensical, several elements previously established in the MCU. The development of the main character seemed rushed and is so shallow, one dimensional and forced, that it almost seems as if the message they were trying to convey was more important to them than the story itself or creating a complex, well rounded character, that is intended (I assume) to be a cornerstone  in the next phase of the MCU.
Great movie about an all-powerful super hero who's only weaknesses are wooden dialogue and apathy.
really enjoyed it.  good story structure, great girl power.
This movie is so "woke" it forgot to do anything else but spew culture politics, like you know; build any sense of a character instead of telling us what they are, have a consistent storyline with the rest of the MCU (looking at you Cthulhu cat), and just so many more things. The only good as with most Marvel film is the SFX/CGI. The rest of this movie can together with Brie as a human just be forgotten to history as a mistake.
Seems like the movie was pushed out quickly for Captain Marvel to be pushed into Endgame. That being said, the movie doesn't take advantage of a potentially good origin story and the villain's.
Brie Larson and Nicholas are just perfect together. This movie is also great.
Not the best in the Marvel franchise but it ties in a lot of the movies. There are some really clever moments but they spend too much time preaching about the power of women while forgetting the movie is about a Woman who is the Most Powerful in the Galaxy......
A classic case of inheritance without sacrifice. As if being born with silver spoon in the mouth makes others empathize with them. Way over powered. No pain only gain...where's the fun in that
the actress is horrible, an amateur, grandma pretends to like me and is a better actress than her! doesn't even compare to WARDA / SCARLET WITCH
Nothing new, startling or punch-y. So by-the-numbers, the plot reminded me of those bad 1980s superhero movies, but with a bigger budget. The reveal was telegraphed, so anyone surprised by the twist wasn't paying attention, I guess. 

There was also a smugness by the main character I found to be sort of strange for a character that supposedly was trying to solve a mystery, like she already knew the ending of her own story and belittled anyone not keeping up.
Its a real booster. A film to watch on a school day i might add. Its very fresh and cool! *its not for everyones taste but it sure is a blaster so, watch if u want sci-fi and wanna be cool ;)*
Another boring film. Brie Larson was nice like a toaster.
I wish they could have done better with the character. wasted so much potential.
My rating for the film is a 6.4/10
good movie the end is not good its have to match cgi
Espectacular Movie, giving us a different perspective of a origin story since it's a female superhero. I know the girl empowerment this movies gives is strong and doesn't feel forced and as a man with no fragile masculinity I can say I loved that
The movie was mediocre at best. I only watched to connect some dots from other movies from the universe. The worst Marvel movie in my opinion.
Captain Marvel is a decent superhero action movie. Great costumes and special effects. Fight scenes and chase scenes are excellent. The story is formulaic, but there is a plot twist that makes it more interesting. I love how the Kree and the Skrulls were designed and represented. I just don't agree with one of the casting choices. Humor is alright, but some lines and situations were too cheesy. The cat named Goose stole the show by being both adorable and badass. Carol Danver's origin was well told and presented. It was great to see young Monica Rambeau. I hope we get to see more of her in the future. My expectation for this movie was rather high, and I was hoping for more depth and substance, but I was still entertained, nonetheless. It's still a good addition to the ever-growing superhero roster of the MCU. Not to mention a good precursor to the much-awaited Avengers: End Game movie.
Larson is a great choice for the role. She brings welcome levity and verve to the movie. This is great as there's little else here that's worth recommending
The first Marvel female hero solo adventure sadly fell way too short, as wit Ant-Man and the Wasp this movie exists for the sole purpose of introducing a new hero in the next Marvel big thing: Avengers Endgame. One would think that the adventures of a half alien half human superhero on Earth while trying to save a whole species from another planet from extinction would be fun to watch, add to this that it happens during the 90s and you have a great movie in front of you, but regardless of that they found a way to mess it up.

The writing on itself doesn't feel bad, but the way the story is told is just awful, besides we don't get nothing new in here, just a generic story of good triumphing against evil with a very generic and underdevelop villain. Honestly this feels like Marvel Studios was just trying to take our money while we wait for Avengers Endgame, it feels like they were not even trying, shame on you Marvel Studios.
It was an okay movie. Captain Marvel as a character I thought was kind of shallow, and I felt like the movie was a bit of a copy of ‘Thor'.
I thought this was a great introduction to Captain Marvel.
Worst MCU movie. Wasted so much potential for jokes that werent funny (Nick's eye.) The action is horrible, so predictable. Half of the movie doesent make sense. Worst MCU film, would rather watch Dark World for a day straight.
Bad choice in casting Brie Larson as the strongest superhero in the MCU. Brie Larsons awkward presence as Captain Marvel made this movie hard to watch. The plot wasn't bad but was limited by sloppy writing and awkward performance. 4/10.
Too many people are being dishonest about this movie because they have an agenda. This is an honest review for those of you who are considering watching it.
It's a pretty good Marvel film overall. If you enjoy the ongoing story continuing through the MCU, this one is worth watching. As a film, I'd put it in the area of Dr. Strange and Ant-Man. It's much better than "Thor: The Dark World" and not as good as "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" A fair rating for Audience Score would be more around 86%.
Pretty flat plot. Brie Larson fails to make the character more than 1 dimensional "badass".
boring action sequences (almost none but in the few action sequences there are, Danvers is invulnerable and the villains are just bad... so there are no stakes), bad jokes, horrible portrayal from Bree Larson (a missed opportunity on a great hero) and not even de soundtrack is good in Captain Marvel, memorable in every movie from the MCU.

Besides, we wanted much more from Nick Fury and Phil Coulson. Finally, what they did with Mar-Vell... they disrespected every marvel comic fan in the planet.
Decent but nothing special, Samuel L. Jackson saved the movie.
Just awful, but then again that won't surprise man hating Brie, this film wasn't made for me.
Apparently.
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! People hate on Brie but she's awesome! The movie was one of the best marvel movies and is underrated! Love the storyline and her powers are so cool! I think people dislike her bc she's more powerful than Thor so that's a shame:(
The story was boring and poorly thought out. Brie Larson fell flat and really makes Captain Marvel be an rude, condescending, arrogant and unlikable character. Kinda had me rooting for Thanos a little in Endgame. Definitely worth skipping.
Had potential but the movie is let down by poor casting.  Brie Larson is flat and wooden, while no amount of CGI can help Samuel Jackson be convincing as a younger version of himself.  Captain Marvel's personal, inner struggle told by flashbacks to her struggle growing up is well done and probably the high point of the movie.  And while the movie also includes some twists in the story, it movie never really comes together in an interesting way.
I think this movie got it's hate because it released at the time where all anyone cared about was Endgame. The movie is far from flawless with a bit heaviness on the 90s references. Some lines in this film make scenes in Iron Man 2 with Phil seem out of place, example of this is the S.H.E.I.L.D acronym being a thing in the 90s but Iron Man 2 Phil couldn't think of it at all until the end. The origin story is told in a fine way and empowers a female lead in a wonderful way but leaves some things unexplained like how the tech works.
It took me along time to actually like Captian marvel and the bad guy plot wasn't that good.
What I love about Marvel movies is that they seem to wow me, whether it's with a specific character, or just with humor mixed with with some great action, this delivered on none of this, and while it was fine for some, I guess, I had to stop myself from walking out multiple times.
Review bombers for The Last Jedi and this are proof as to why the audience rating is bullshit.
It was a good film just could've been so much better
Underrated gem of the MCU genre, Captain Marvel is one of the few times "girl power" doesn't feel so forced. Predictably, the attempts to shoehorn American militarism into a story that never needed it alongside "girl power" hold it back.
An enjoyable, empowering story.
This movie felt like the longest movie I've ever watched. So much potential in this story, yet it's terrible. An hour in I thought the movie had to be almost over. Turns out, I was only an hour in, halfway through. Almost unable to finish it.
Such potential and allot of disappointment throughout the entire movie sadly it’s definitely a girls movie as my aunty and daughter loves the movie but it just had allot of problems while the visuals look good but the dialogue and story writing character development or lack of it’s just hard to watch and find myself pulling out the phone and checking out movie new over this it’s that bad I usually give movies a chance but it’s not redeemable. Opens the potential of knocking it out the park on the upcoming sequel so theirs that
boring, predictable, and not essential movie. brie is not very good at acting also
The movie wasn't that good the character was acting like it is not real
An origin story that the truth is very well developed, the problem is the characters, which I think, they made them very funny and with little seriousness, and I mean all the characters: protagonists, secondary and antagonists.
I think the visuals look very good, but I wouldn't say they're surprising, and the music, to be honest, leaves a lot to be desired.
In conclusion, I would say that without problems it is a tape that can be eliminated from the equation that is Marvel without any problem, since more than anything it only serves as context so that we know the character before seeing Avengers: Endgame. So, to finish, I would say that it is a Blockbuster that serves to have a good time, but other than that, I think there is no room for more
Captain Marvel as a character is hard to root for.
I went into this movie thinking it would reign supreme, primarily for being a female leading Marvel movie, the first for the MCU. The movie was a bit dry and drab, but nevertheless, a powerful super hero was born.
People who complain about this movie live in the basement and think Ayn Rand is highly intelligent.
Oh boy where to start.. How to not write a strong female character maybe? This was nothing but embracing a Mary Sue with cringe-worthy tropes against men.. seriously thank god Marvel made Black Widow(which is definitely better) so we could laugh at this even more 

Also the main actress.. I believed her acting in no second of the movie whatsoever
An awesome, hilarious, well over-due movie!
Wayy too much outer space and confusion, yeah I suppose learning about the creatures this early on helped me understand easier down the line while watching the other films though. (2/23)
Captain Marvel has a lot of problems, and while not a bad movie, it is just an ok movie as a result. The movie has an ok plot, but it suffers most from the pacing issues, and with an uninteresting lead character at the front of every scene there are a lot of dead points in the film where it feels like nothing is happening. The film could probably be trimmed down to an hour and twenty minutes and nothing would be lost. Luckily for the film though all the other characters around Carol keep this movie afloat, and are the best parts of this movie, especially the main villain Talos. If doing a rewatch of the Marvel Cinematic Universe I have to label this movie as a pass, and especially if doing a bare minimum view of the Marvel Cinematic Universe stay away from this movie.
Very boring and flat. Main character is unlikeable.
Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury makes this one worth watching, but Captain Marvel is a bland hero with vaguely defined powers and a boring backstory. It's fun at times, but doesn't have the same heart that other MCU movies have.
I really liked this film, and thought it was a great story, with some really great acting and awesome action scenes. I don't understand why people are hating so badly on this film, and I think Brie Larson and the supporting cast are all doing a superb job, along with the crew doing some really stellar work as well. While the film might not be on par with the best stand-alone MCU films, which include Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Black Panther, Iron Man, Thor: Ragnarok and Shang Chi, it is definitely not as bad as either Thor: The Dark World, Iron Man 2 or Iron Man 3. I chose to give it a higher score than it deserves, because I honestly do not believe this film, which has one of the most brilliant actresses out there in the main role, especially if you have seen Room, deserves the amount of hate it gets.
Mediocre acting. Weak plot. Thin character or just bad acting. Watching Larson in other marvel movies, I'm going with bad acting. She's sterile and emotionless.
I give it 1 star instead of 1/2 star because the CGI is sometimes okay. Otherwise there is little to enjoy. Especially Brie Larson's acting, which is outrageously bad.
The biggest issue I have with this movie is the lack of a heroes journey. Here, we have an ultra overpowered superhero who feels more like an entitled brat who can do whatever they please. The personality doesn't change throughout the movie, nor does it change in any other appearance she has made. It is a terrible, bland movie starring an uninterested actress who, when watching, feels like she would rather be anywhere else.
I'll never understand the hate around this movie. It's ultimately a good movie and defintely better than half of MCU.
Captain marvel added to the MCU by expanding on the past, and how it affects the present.  And although the movie is a bit lackluster in terms of creating emotional bonds to characters, the fight scenes are on point.
Yeeesss all time favorite, love Brie Larson, love the unexcused feminism, love the story!
I was lost from the beginning. Halfway thru i kind of figured out what was going on but by then I lost hope of understanding the overall plot and only focused on the action scene by scene. It took the end of the movie to completely spell it out for me to understand what i just watched.
First the good stuff: 1. Samuel L. Jackson: He played a more softened Nick Fury, but very much "agent coulson prior avengers" like, with a lot of attitude, sarcastic humor and less serious. Also the de-aging is becoming so good, that you wouldnt even be able to notice it even if you really looked. His character was very well done on script and screen.

2. Some of the action: The space battle stuff etc. was very well done. the special effects team did an amazing job at this movie. nothing felt or looked fake. kudos!

3. Surprise surprise: the story. From the trailers you would not be able to predict this but the story is actually really interesting. The way they introduce her past was very originally done. The way she remembers things through different ways was clever.. very clever even, because it doesnt make her past like an obstacle you first gotta go through.. it added to the story while adding to her character. Also multiple twist and 1 big one that even got me thinking for a while.

4. Ben Mendelson: really impressive job. very layered surpringsly and stand out in my books. the acting is general was very good

the bad:

1. It misses spectacle... and a standout moment. in thor 3 for example; you had the intro scene, and the end scene which were big standout moments and a manifestation of thor's powers. i feel you didnt get that in this movie.

2. Like I said the story was great, the execution a.k.a. the screenplay/script lacked... they had such great storypoints, but they were all done so quickly and those moments lacked emotion. the friendship between carol and her friend didnt feel real. she seemed to have a more genuine relationship with her kid rather than with her and that bothered me a bit, since they seemed all buddy buddy in the past and even during some moments in the film where i was like; "but you didnt deserve that yet..." Ben's character had a more emotional impact on me than carol... yikes!! (and i dont mean that in a killmonger-t'challa kind of way)

3. some of the action again: some action just wasn't good. there is a moment she is fighting the skrull(the moment she yells at the skrull in the trailer) and that whole fighting sequence was horribly filmed and choreographed... which is weird, because she another scene where she is fighting the skrull in the film and then the action seemed way better filmed.

All in all, the film was good. nothing more and nothing less. i missed an emotional attachment to the main character. I felt like i still didnt know her after the film, and i think that's because they tried to give her a certain personality that just didnt fit the film. she was supposed to be a bit arrogant, but i wouldve loved to see more vulnerablity in a woman that is the STRONGEST creature in the world and they made me believe that btw. she come across as amazingly powerfull at one point in the film. believe me! Wonderwoman's vulnerability and her femine side me fall in love with the character and they stripped that away fromm carol, and basically made her less relatable.

 I's definitely a good time in the theatre and some of the scenes are quite the spectacle and i loved the shock and awe that some scenes provided. especially the way she got her powers. Go see it.
Below-par for the MCU. Powerful women in cinema have rocked for decades, and don't need to be so obvious.
This is one of the worst marvel movies. You can clearly see that this wasnt made by someone who wanted to tell an amazing story but by someone who wantend to make money and push there politic agenda into the marvel universe. The Story is okay and the setup is good. But the execution is unbelivalby bad. The cat had the most chacater developpment. And the worst thing is how silly they wanted to make Nick Fury. It just doesnt sits right with me how he his character just always followed the main character and was basicly just there so people could have a familiar face. All in all its a shit movie dont watch it.
There's just not enough female heroes like this. Great story, love the twist and the assumptions we make being challenged.
As a huge fan of Captain Marvel from her Ms. Marvel days I loved this MCU adaptation. Brie Larson did a great job getting her personality down. Can't wait to see more of her in the MCU.
I've never seen someone with less charisma on screen than Brie Larson, whose acting was so hollow in this film. The character is never developed into someone you even care about and the story just isn't very interesting.  I love Samuel Jackson and even he couldn't save this film. This is the worse Marvel movie I have seen so far.
such a good flick. she is so strong. cant wait to watch this character grow
Here's the odd thing: the story is actually pretty interesting. What killed this movie was Brie Larson. She just comes across as unlikeable. And an unlikeable hero is no bueno in a superhero movie. If a different actress was cast as Captain Marvel, this film would feel really different—a much more positive vibe. We've seen protagonists with memory issues about their past in other movies (like Jason Bourne) so it's not like heroes with amnesia have to be portrayed the way Larson does it. But she does it in a way that's just no fun. So we don't root for Carol Danvers like we did for Jason Bourne.
I rewatched the movie yesterday and it was really entertaining, a good Marvel movie at its best
This film was shit, had to stop watching then pick up again just to finish it. Larson comes off as flat throughout the whole film except when shes acting the part of a cocky mary sue which i doubt was awfully hard as it reflects her real life persona. Method acting on another level...
The film is nothing special and lacks much of the charm that other MCU films carry with them. Samuel L. Jackson carries this movie, though Brie Larson also does fine, and the banter between the two is often enjoyable to watch. The action sequences are done very poorly, and the CGI at parts does not hold up. The film also felt very preachy at parts, and it constantly tries to force a message down you're throat. The direction that the movie goes in, however, is good, and I think that it ties in wonderfully in the MCU. Overall, the film is very generic, just with an added dose of preachiness that I felt was unnecessarily added.
me encanto mi capidiosa se veia increible, no puedo esperar a ver la secuela de Brie Larson
Brie Larson's first outing as a Marvel character. To say that this feature had potential, is an understatement. Nothing but bland and boring from start to finish, and I only went to see it, because it's supposed to have been tied into one of the most successful films of all time.
I am here because I think getting a bad rating for saying critics who do not understand a story should not be reviewing it is not a good excuse to badly rate a good movie, it is a load of BS. Love the movie woman power, and very nostalgic.
Brie Larson looks so bored in the movie, her character looks as if someone bankrupted her family and now she's seeking revenge. I do think she is a great actress, especially enjoying her character in Scott Pilgrim, but this movie made as her dull as a potato, unfortunately. Highly recommended if you have insomnia.
If you've watched all the others, you may enjoy it or at least want to watch it for completion of the MCU. Otherwise, this is one of the more skippable movies in the franchise.
Really dull & irritating. Tries too hard to be empowering & ends up annoying
I wanted to like it, but they trade storytelling, plot, humor, character development, quality, and entertainment for a strong female role model with no flaws or growth in herself or her powers. If you want to know the fastest way to make an unlikeable character and a boring preachy movie this movie is a masterclass. I wish it was done better I wanted the marvel version of wonder woman just as much as the next guy but it wasn't to be.
This movie is just another example of how stale our modern movie world has gotten. It is preachy, not fun. It is annoying, not progressive. When half of the Marvel fans are men, it is a bad idea to make men seem like stupid, weak, and lame pushovers in your films, because I being man do not generally like it. I do not like Mary Sue's who stand above men like some sort of super human. This movie is flash but has nothing more going for it. It just feels like Captain Marvel is about a strong woman fighting against a world that is against that, but the thing is most men support women, we just do not like it when women try to portray us as being the worst things in the universe.
absoultly horrible. sooooo boring it took me 3 attmepts to watch the movie without sleeping. captain marvel is so boring the action is bad and your telling me nick fury lost his eye from a FRICKING CAT!!! nick fury is the only good thing about this movie.   
dont watch this worst marvel movie by far.
Me gustó, en mi opinión es una buena historia de origen, amo a Brie y amo el hecho de que seguirá apareciendo en el MCU
incongruencias con el resto del universo un guion y trama floja y una protagonista aburrida pues da esta peli.
worst marvel movie ever super bland
Loved how it showed someone proving themselves. Not to others.  
 
Good visuals. Always thought they needed new directors though. Shouldn't be co-directors for a movie on that gravity. Too many conflicting ideas and voices on what should be put in and how to portray her. I'm sure the Marvels will have more action and showing her weaknesses.
Thought this movie was amazing, one of my favourite marvel movies
Awful. Need a clear story rather than one that leans on the supporting cast too much
Love the soundtrack and love the 90's vibes. Brie is a total badass bae queen!
BADASS! I love the fact that there is zero cliche love story. Captain Marvel is on a mission and she aint got time for generic love plots. Love it!
She so badass I love her!
Want really a fan unfortunately.
Molto molto molto bello
Porqueria mal implementada, aburridisima, estupida, decepcionante, forzada, y mal hecha.
It is a bit of a clunky film at times with odd pacing at some points. The stuff with Anette Bening and all the flashbacks made the film hard to follow at some points, however, the film is still a joy to watch and the dynamic between Samuel L Jackson and Brie Larson is quite enjoyable.
Secondary film. Good cast, acting. Otherwise, everything is not so rosy. In my opinion, the most memorable movie in the history of Marvel, how much time has passed and it has not remained in my head.
It's Marvel Jim, but not as well know it! 
 A bit meh but OK if you've got it in in the background.  Carol doesn't work like wonder  woman for example and just falls a bit flat.
I honestly thought this movie was truly bad. Brie Larsen’s acting was flat and the story was rushed. I was not a fan of the new Disney “woke” way of creating movies, putting politics ahead of good story telling. I will watch the second one when it is released but will have much lower expectations.
Film pessimo, veramente brutto
Between the dull plotline, stiff (wooden) acting by Brie Lawson, gender swapping (Mar-vell) ...I haven't been this disappointed in a Marvel film since...Never...Then came The Eternals...Yikes!!!
Weakest Marvel Movie so far. Inconsistent boring story. Main character pretty unlikeable and as interesting as a plank of wood.
how can people NOT like this movie It's blooming fantastic? The cast, the action was just pure gold and the humour of it was amazing. I loved the movie. The action sequences though was LOVE.
I really wanted to like this film.  In discussions of the trailers, I was making excuses for Larson's character being such a plank, as it seemed to fit the character of a test pilot, but then we saw it, and boy howdy...  you really can't have two hours of the main character being utterly expressionless and responding inappropriately to other characters, unless the subject is autism, which I presume this was not.  I don't know if this was Larson's interpretation of the character or some really inept direction, but her character was totally unlikable and unrelatable to a degree I've never seen in a Marvel movie.  Even Thanos, the monster bad guy, had moments where you could relate to him.  Captain Marvel was an action figure stuck in a live action film.  Just... there.
Good fun movie with a slightly weak villain. However this movie is definitely over-hated.
Definitely as good as any other Marvel movie. (Even the critics agree!) Brie Larson was awesome as Captain Marvel. With this audience rating, basically what you have is a bunch of whiny bros, perhaps from Saturn's moon Inceladus, who think Brie is mean so they felt the need to bomb the ratings. Can't wait to see her again in The Marvels (2023)!
Awesome film fun fantasy adventure
Surprise me with her power!!!
The first 20 minutes are a little clunky but this was seriously fun. Loved the 90's soundtrack and my god Brie Larson is great. People are missing the point that her un emotional acting is story based and not on her skills (She's an Oscar winner y'all). Can't wait to see more of Carol Danvers in the future.
Not nearly as bad as everyone pretends it is
You know something is off when you finished watching the movie and can barely remember the story already and all I can say about Captain Marvel is that she's strong but nothing about her as a person or a character.  Because that's what Marvel gave us … nothing.  She doesn't have a strong connection with anyone … she is simply there.   

I wouldn't say there wasn't any betrayal, etc … but you simply don't see anything beyond Carol beating them up …  I mean you don't feel she felt anything …. I mean say contrast it to another Marvel scene … Loki yelling at Odin "Tell me!" Tony telling cap "I thought I was your friend" It doesn't require more screen time but the audience felt that.  Maybe the it's the director, maybe it's the lead actor but the movie despite its great effects and fight scene was just dry and unmemorable.  

It's still entertaining, something to watch when it's there.  But when all most folks  na remember from a movie is how a supporting character lost an eye and nothing about the the lead of whose origin story is being told … it's not much of an origin story.
The movie was just overrated no story no thrill
Only kids will have enjoyed this
Thinly written but well acted. Brie Larson and Samuel Jackson are fun together in spite of a predictable and under-developed origin story.
This movie was poorly written, poorly acted, drivel that was shoved down the throats of audiences. They literally released it at a time when people were more interested in infinity war Easter eggs and the movies post credit scenes. One awesome bit is where they reinvent where the avengers team name is from to give more significance to the character, but doing nothing to further the plot. Throughout the film there is never a thing that actually challenges her and the villain is Jude Law and a computer? Really?
It was visually really impressive they made a man hating plank of wood a superhero
No sensible plot. The CGI was subpar. The protagonist has no visible weakness and is more a Mary Sue. Marvel's clearly run out of ideas.
A movie and character that could have been left out of the MCU and no one would have noticed. It didn't advance the storyline and had overt intersectional ideology beating you over the head that actually had the main character acting in horrible ways because of feminist empowerment? It had potential, but it turned out bad.
I saw it, but I don't remember it at all. Worst Marvel movie ever.
MCU makes good movies but honestly what is this- I cant relate or feel for this character at all. The storytelling is slightly sloppy, and why did they sacrifice a huge part of nick fury's identity for a lame joke? She's too emotional? when was she ever emotional? She's funny and smart? Name one scene where she's funny and smart.
Not Faithful to the comics and was boring but Samuel Jackson was great in it.
The worst MCU film that I consider to be nearly unwatchable. It has some redeeming things about it, like Samuel Jackson's performance. But overall, really hard to watch. 2/10
it didnt respect much the original comic books, plus lame acting and weak history and development.
Awful. Why do I make myself watch these?
Brie Larson is a f*ing goddess in this movie. A perfect, god-like-strong hero goddess. Anyway yeah, I yawned through most of this flick.
A hot mess from start to finish.  I couldn't comprehend the so called "plot," so I tried to watch again.  Five minutes in I had to shut it off to avoid nausea.
One of the worst movies I ever seen, so boring & no plot at all, Brie Larson acting cool like a emotionaless robot makes the character even more dislikable than it already is, villians & CGI are also very bad.
Between no flaws, no personalities, no emotional responses to anything, and vague powers that are so strong nothing can even challenge the hero this movie is a snoozefest. It also creates and then doesn't answer a few questions about the larger MCU universe but does answer (poorly) questions we never asked like how Nick Fury lost his eye, or where the name for the avengers initiative came from. I can not stress enough that they answer these questions really poorly while bad writing creates new questions they just are never going to answer.
Mais do mesmo, a personagem principal é a pior do filme, se não fosse pelo Samuel L. Jackson eu daria uma nota pior.
Totally full of fails, plotholes, and Brie Larson is son Hateful and nothing memorable
The film is okay. The big issues like slow pace, weak characterization and some bad action scenes. But I think its better than people give it credit for with good CGI, great performances and some good humor.
Marvels writing flat, one dimensional characters who never need to overcome anything has ruined the MCU. The trend started with this movie and with the notable exception of Endgame, has completely turned me from a fan to a former fan of Marvel
It's the worst movie it's a shame for a superhero movies can't believe what people are nowadays that it made more than a billion dollars
It had some reasonable bones but just tired of the messages over entertainment.
The problem with this movie is that it is not entertaining. The storyline looks good, on paper. But the director (whoever that is) seems so terrified of anyone being bored even for a second, that there is no time for character development. The main character lacks screen presence. It is almost cruel, it looks a bit like when the cast of Friends tried to be movie actors. Strange. Brie Larson looks the part, but she does not act it. Hard to see why they cast her for this role.
While this film deserves 3.5 stars, I'm going to give it a 5 to balance out all the trolls who review bombed this film.  It's a worthy addition to the MCU and introduces a fantastic character who I hope to see for years to come.
Finally seen the movie and I have not much to say
MISS Marvel is just a one note character. There is no joy in playing the character. Nothing brie does makes me like the character. I kept reading comparison to Robert Downey Jr. But she bring nothing to the role. RdJ brought. Ironman to life.
This movie was phenomenal, I’ve never seen Marvel fail a movie. This movie had great acting, great effects, and had a great story and once the movie starts, your already hooked. That’s what I love about this movie. It’s interesting right off the bat, and it’s also not a confusing movie. I would definitely recommend watching this because you will not be disappointed.
My favorite MCU movie! Brie Larson is outstanding as Carol Danvers,  AKA Captain Marvel the most powerful Avenger in the MCU!
What a missed opportunity.
While far from the best that the MCU has to offer, it's a satisfying adventure with some laughs and interesting new additions to the universe. Brie Larson does a good job considering the character.
Not worth a theater ticket. Sacrifices genuine alienness for snappy dialogue and contemporary come-backs.
Good cast, good production values -- lame writing.
Was a lot like Female heroes in Male drag or a 60s Bewitched for the 2000s -- just wish to make it so.
I enjoy watching films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  This one was okay.  I found myself disoriented and a little overwhelmed with the unfamiliarity of the alien setup up and the apparent contradictions of certain things with other MCU stories.  Those things were sorted out over the course of the film, but I found the disorientation unpleasant.  While I appreciate that Audio Description was provided (particularly valuable in action films) I was disappointed that they encoded on a Dolby 2.0 track rather than a 5.1 track.  I've come to appreciate the surround sound and feel cheated when it is not there.
The first female lead film in the MCU is a decent effort. Brie Larson wonderfully plays the emotionally withdrawn and sarcastic Carol Danvers. There are some slight pacing issues and the original score isn't the best, but overall its a sound film. I was really offended by the onslaught of fan hate for this film, as every criticism had to do with the feminist tone, the dry and sarcastic lead (hello, Iron Man) and the overuse of CGI (hello, every superhero movie made). My one hope is that if a sequel is made I want to see Monica Rambeau, the 2nd Captain Marvel in the comics, also gain her powers and become Danver's protege.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Best movie of all time, enjoyed it from beginning to end. Don’t let the salty haters fool you, they just mad they got their feelings hurt. This movie is instant classic.
I just hate how perfect captain marvel is and how big of an ass hole she is
Look, it may be a little flat and a Phase 1 movie later seems kind of repetitive, but it's still good fun.
The movie was fine, until... [SPOILER WARNING] Captain Marvel unlocked her full powers & just steamroll through all of the enemies without breaking a sweat. This ruins what should have been the climax of the movie because the bad guys are literally no threat to her at all. But everything prior to that point is fine.
This movie gets way too much hate for no reason ríe Larson killed it as Captain Marvel and she was phenomenal I give this film a 7 out of 10
A very formulatic movie with a weak plot and bad villians creating an unsatisfactory movie.
I like the character of captian marvel although this plot did not do justice to her and left her very undeveloped.
The plot was very weak following the MCU formula yet again but to less positive results
The villians were just plain bad no real goals or intentions.
Nick fury was more of a laughing stock in this movie which is not very fitting to his character making him unlikeable.
The visuals were good but everything else was bad leaving a headache of a movie I wish they could of done better but sadly this is just a bad movie.
While Marvel usually has a main character that has some development, such as Tony Stark, none exist for Captain Marvel. Played by an actress with the emotional range of a block of wood you won't find any enjoyment here other than the fact its part of the MCU.
I just didn't enjoy the movie, The main character was just not fun to watch. 6/10
Captain Marvel is really worth a watch, very entertaining and visually impressive
Half of it is the cookie cutter mass produced Marvel movie.  The other half is boring, the villain is weak, like no abilities what so ever to make him qualify as a villain.  I would best describe it as the people involve spent most of the time going through a political checklist and then fed it into the Marvel money machine.
The film is fine in general except for the pacing that is sometimes off. However, Captain Marvel's strength does not make you watch in awe but instead makes most threats meaningless and the film having no impact on the audience at all.
Even though this is one of the weaker films in the MCU in my opinion, some of it is highly enjoyable.
Not the worst of the recent MCU movies which is the only reason I'd give it more than 1 star.
#15/25
Best Moment: Friendship with Nick, the alien people
It's not perfect, but it's pretty enjoyable. Brie Larson's pretty entertaining, but I feel like she was holding herself back. Her chemistry with Samuel L. Jackson and the girls playing the Rambeaus is pretty good, but I think she struggles to play off Jude Law.
This film is SO COOL and so relevant and... They're hinting at a lesbian Avenger and I seriously hope it goes that way. I love how Carol is strong and powerful, probably the strongest Avenger in the MCU, and she's still not perfect. There are many scenes in this film that are so important, I wish I had grown up with these messages as a girl. We also got a long-overdue introduction to the Kree and a lot of easter eggs regarding Fury were explained, but it's a little hard to swallow that Carol hadn't been summoned in previous Avenger-level situations before. It's a very good film. Oh, and the soundtrack is a masterpiece.
The movie is 4 stars for me but i vote 4,5 cuz is so UNDERRATED
i love this movie, it made me Carol be my favorite heroine.
Not worth your time, Ideology driven versus strong story telling, very bland acting. Sam Jackson was good, but the lead actress was bland, no acting skills at all.
Wooden acting. Shoddy plot. Overpowered "hero". The half star is purely for Samuel L Jackson. Motherf...
It more or less tried to cram 40 years of character development into a tiny movie and it left a jarring and disorienting film. Realistically this should have been a trilogy, not a rush job. With time it could have been a thing of beauty. Now it was a hollow shell of her comic book origins.
What is this? What happened to the film industry in the last couple of years? 
Only positive thing: this movie would have inspired little girls all over the world to become mediocre actresses playing badass Mary Sues kicking ass and taking names when they grow up. Unfortunately they didn't watch it.
I thought that this film was quite good. A really interesting and engaging story, Captain Marvel is a great character and a welcome addition to the franchise. It had great visuals and action.
Overestimated character, bad acting, distortions made to please ideology.
I’m mostly mad that this film ruined Nick Fury’s character. In Winter Soldier he says he was double crossed. This movie made a joke out of it and I’ll never forgive them
While I will always take more Phil Coulson and Nick Fury, the first female-led solo film in the MCU was a lot of flash but little substance.
Nothing at all like the comics. Why bother taking these characters and completely changing them.
Extremely sub-par. Often awkward, forced and embarrassing to watch. There is absolutely no chemistry between Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson, it's just painful at times to watch. One of the absolute bottom tier Marvel movies.
The movie was boring. The lead was unlikable.
Bad writing, worse acting from the lead. Samuel L Jackson being reduced to an ethnic sidekick was painful to watch. It held zero revelations about Infinity War and piggybacked upon the success of a much better pair of movies purely because of a deceptive marketing campaign.
Unrelatable and Unlikeable. 
The back story on Nick Fury broke the character.
Disappointing yet satisfying, this film pushes you through a fun story that has smart ideas and great connections but very predictable plotlines and boring sequences that rappel you from the story. Overall the mystery, visuals and action keep you hooked to a decent marvel film with great connections to the MCU
They seem to have entirely forgoten how to write human real struggles into characters and stories, so they now default to the demode script of conceited women as heroine. To make it worst is boring, and the lead character has some bad idea of what acting and performance should be.
A very mixed bag with a bunch of missed opportunities, but it's far from bad.
Not a very good movie. Carol Danvers has never been a popular or well liked character, so the problems with this movie begin with it's actual conception. Add in a backwards story, some flat acting and useless "girl power" sequences, and the movie shoots itself in the foot. The bright point of this movie is the character of Nick Fury, who is much more charismatic in his younger years.
Preachy. I don't watch a superhero movie to be preached about something. Actions scenes were good, but the protagonist was full of spite and honestly quite bad.

"Show, don't tell" is a good rule to follow, and in depicting this heroine as the be all end all they failed big. Without the preachiness it could have been a better movie.
This was a fun movie. Not the best MCU movie but certainly not the worst.
Terrible writing and to call the acting "wooden" is an insult to trees.
Not Marvel's best, but overall a great film. The Audience Score, with more than twice the amount of reviews than any other of the 23 MCU films to date, is the result of a boycott against Brie Larson.
Behold, the future of film-making. Everything will always be terrible forevermore.
Maybe I was coming in too hyped for this movie, but it was the first Marvel movie let down. It wasn't the last.
Horrible writing and acting. If you're making an action movie, get a lead that can do action. The fight choreography wasn't great and looked like the main star had never thrown a punch before
pointless pandering to a non existing demographic.
Terrible movie!
One of the worst superhero movies of all time.
Brie Larson is awful.
Very decent, underrated. Not too much wrong with the script, fury is good, just a little forgettable.
Pretty bland for a Marvel film
Brilliant movie, although it was a bit spoiled by the trailers. The biggest problem with this movie is that it came out right before Endgame, implying she was going to have a larger role, a problem that no longer is a problem in this day and age.
Otherwise, a great movie with some great surprisingly familiar faces.
I really enjoyed it🧡
At times captain marvel feels like another one of those live action Disney movies because of the ridiculous story
I still feel lucky to see a bad, box office super hero movie, so I can't complain about an average super hero movie. So I feel no apprehension adding a point for subject matter. It just is what it is, if you like marvel movies, it's fine, if you don't care about marvel movies, I understand not wanting to watch it.
I enjoyed the movie very much. It felt like a usual Marvel movie, but it also has a different feel to it. The movie showcases the journey Carol Danvers goes through to discover her past and find out who she really is. Many people disliked Brie Larson's acting, but I found no fault in it. She has tried her best with the script provided to her. I would not blame misogyny for its poor audience rating, but I think people are giving it a lot of unwanted flak. 
I personally found it quite interesting. I'd recommend it...
Disappointing in terms of acting, the costumes and storyline was decent. Easily understandable plot and looks like Captain Marvel was before all the movies but im confused with Captain America. He was before but probably around but they havent discover him yet. Since Fury was only starting to create the SHIELD after Mar Vell the scientist.
Wow what an amazing movie, brie fited so perfectly in this character, i loved it sooo much!
This was just painful to watch. Because I can is just not a plot.
Thought it was a great film! Acting was excellent, good writing, & great music/sound design.
Not an absolutely terrible movie but also not close to being a good movie. The skrulls made the movie watchable. No offense to Brie Larson, I like her portrayal of captain marvel, but not really an enjoyable movie. Although there was some Nice humor.
Thoroughly enjoyed. Larson is a badass.
Película más mala y soporifera, ¿A qué críticos les gustó?
Larson is the worst part of the movie.
Poorly developed characters, thin plot, average special effects. I feel like Marvel are taking my support for granted.
It's hard to like a movie when you don't like the main character
this movie is disappointing and doesn't live up to the other marvel movies
It had potential, but unfortunately the goal of this movie was to empower women not entertain, so it comes off as annoying, empty and pointless...
This was partially a Nick Fury prequel. What is there not to like?
Did not enjoy this movie. Brie Larson is just a terrible actress.
Don't waste your time with this horrible movie.  Worst marvel movie ever
Unlikable invincible protagonist, forgettable villain, no tension, boring action scenes and a little too preachy and on the nose with its message.
Predictable plot and a shallow hero with no meaningful character or development.
Worst failure in the history of the modern MCU. Totally unrelated to source material, terrible acting, more interested in scoring political points than story-telling, I could spend hours talking about why this movie was terrible.
Pretty boring. Can't really get attached to the characters in this one. I was told the cat was the best part of the film... Meh.. maybe if it were a dog...
Disclaimer: I'm new to Marvel, watching everything in chronological order. So perhaps that's why this movie doesn't do much for me. It served a purpose of introducing a lot of important Marvel backstory with Nick Fury, SHIELD, Monica Rambeau, and the tesseract. It's not a bad movie, just doesn't have many (if any) rewatchable features. I felt confused most the entire time, and still finished somewhat confused - this is my first introduction to Kree and Skrull, and I'm still not convinced the goal of each and who is really the good/bay guy. Maybe this movie will mean more once I know more about the Marvel universe; otherwise, it doesn't survive as a stand-alone film.
Definitely not the best Marvel movie, some scenes are just impossible to follow and the story still leaves you asking questions. I do like some of the characters in this movie though, but sometimes Carol Danvers can be extremely boring to watch over two and a half hours.
Overrated super heroine .
Good movie 7/10 but I did not like the villian.
worst movies so far from Marvel studios
I loved this movie, i watch it often. I don't find it rush or anything. I found it interesting throughout the whole movie.
Probably one of the two worst movies so far from Marvel studios. Brie Larson is unlikeable and the story is pretty naff.
Seems like it was just shoehorned in before endgame.
This is one of my favourite movies just because this is one of the only movies I keep rewatching because of the boost of energy it gives me and it makes me feel like I'm on top of the world and nobody can stop me.
This movie is really great! There is an interesting twist villain who still gets time to be evil. Definitely watch this movie. I personally don't hate Brie Larson and I like the Captain Marvel character and it doesn't make a difference being female rather than male.
Anyone who knows me knows that I despise this movie. I really, really, really, really, don't like Captain Marvel. But I do like Captain Marvel as a comic book character. Typically as a villain. Civil War II is a flawed comic. It doesn't have the same political issue that made you think because both sides of the argument could've been right. But Civil War II made Captain Marvel a villain. Did it do justice to her character? I'm not sure, I don't read Captain Marvel. Did make her interesting to me? Oh yea. I love villains, and seeing Captain Marvel as one is really cool. She was a tyrannical person who didn't care about anybody else's thoughts because she thought she was right. (Kinda sums up Brie Larson's personality). Was she right? No, not even close. Now why am I rambling on about Civil War II? Because that's the most interesting Captain Marvel to me. Contrasted to this one, which I despise. The main character doesn't carry the movie, if anyone does it's the side-characters: Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), Talos (Ben Mendolsohn), and Maria Rambeau (Lashana Lynch). I watched this movie because they were interesting to me.  Brie Larson took the most boring approach to playing the character in this film. I was bored watching this movie. And Brie Larson can do some pretty good acting, but her as Captain Marvel just did not jive with my funky fly soul (that was an attempt at comedy). And the writing. It is not good. It's not like Mortal Kombat: Annihilation terrible, but it's not good. It's basically The Bourne Identity, but without the stakes, without the emotion, and without the substance. It just copies the tried amnesia trope over and over. It doesn't really seem to fit. The cinematography isn't really that great. The best shot in this movie isn't really that good. And all these criticisms break my heart. Because there are little girls out there who love Captain Marvel, and see her as a role model, and then when her movie releases, Captain Marvel's new nickname is "Space Karen." And it seems as if the writers purposely tried to make Captain Marvel entitled as possible. There are no stakes because she's so powerful. She has no emotional problems. She just cruises right through the movie. So I didn't like this film. It saddened me. Good night. Sleep tight. Don't let Edward Cullen bite.
A sub par plot with bland characters. Even Jude Law and Annette Benning seem to be bored by their characters and at least these two have demonstrated they can have charisma.
Don’t know where to start the movie dragged and could have been better
Captain Marvel was okay. The movie has a very good start, but similar to Thor the movie falls off when Carol Danvers gets to earth. The story itself isn't that great and most of the time really boring. What I like though is the chemistry between Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson. All in all I give this movie a 2,5/5 stars.
My main gripe is that the protagonist is uninteresting, a know-it-all, and has little to no character arc. While this is not the worst movie ever made, it is certainly the worst of the MCU. Don't bother.
Note to writers:  audiences tend to enjoy identifiable characters who are developed through the script and interesting plots.  This isn't it.
Samuel L. Jackson is great in this movie, but all the rest is nothing more than OK.
It's perfect. Brie Larson did amazing in it. You have to watch it.
This was a disappointment. The Skrull plot was a good idea, but the rest of the story was just bad and uninspited. For example who came up with the story on how Fury lost his eye?! The main character is a total Mary Sue with no real development.
The best part of the movie was learning how Nick Fury loses an eye, the visuals were good but action sequences were forgettable, as was the plot, this is an origin story without substance or character development, Captain Marvels training is done off screen so we don't have an opportunity to see how her abilities first manifest or how she copes, it's a slap dash mad rush to the end and you'll not be given the time or incentive to get emotionally involved.
I just didn't like this very much. Captain Marvel's character wasn't very relatable, almost seemed like a villain at certain points, and it was mostly forgettable. I don't really care too much for Brie Larson, though The Room was really good imo, but I was willing to give it a chance. Def won't be seeing the sequel.
I really wanted to like Marvel as she is one of my favourite comic book characters but I felt preached to.
Boring and predictable, Irrelevant for MCU
I loved Bree Larson!  Captain Marvel is a great addition to the Marvel universe. The movie had just the right amount of girl power messages and I loved the references to older action movies.
I think is fenomenal because the hero born from dificulties, and not worrie about gender
It is an amazing movie! Just amazing and empowering, the man just have to back off and don´t be so intimidated by females.
ugh...overpowered and over acted. painful at times to say the least
Follows the typical Marvel formula, which had be disappointing so deep into phase three, but it still makes for a fun movie. The format can be slightly disoriented on a first view, but only gets better the more you watch it. The de-aging of Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury is seamless and the transition of the skulls from antagonists to protagonists is unexpected. Both Brie Larson and Carol Danvers get unnecessary hate for an actress and character that are both great in this film. The movie has its issues, but its still a fun movie in any MCU marathon.
Hated itin every way possible. Especially bree Larson
Loved it, I was surprised I actually enjoyed it. I'm not usually into female leads, but she did very well.
If you want to watch a badass female action heroine who is a good role model for young girls, go watch Alita: Battle Angel. 

In Captain Marvel, rather than the best qualities of strong women, the protagonist epitomizes the worst qualities of insecure men.
had some actual funny moments this movie was decent
Its Bad realy BAD. Way to much Oneliners.
Worst in the mcu. Brie Larson is extremely unlikable in this role.
This movie falls short in several areas.  Brie Larson gives a wooden performance and has almost zero personality.  Nick Fury, the mastermind of the Avengers and brilliant tactician, is left following her around apparently at a loss for what to do unless Carol tells him and then has his eye taken out by a cat.  Then when Carol unleashes her full strength she becomes this unstoppable force and wipes everyone out.  No chemistry, no consequences, and almost nothing to advance the MCU.  Don't waste your time
With it's funny moments and awesome actions scenes this is not a bad movie and also I love overpowered characters so seeing captain marvel as one is awesome
First MCU Movie i genuinely disliked to my heart
Why is this movie hated? Its fucking fantastic.
Had to watch this when there's nothing else to watch.
If only it wasn't part of Marvel Story line. the 1st marvel movie that I hate it
I wasted my Half an hour than I decided to not to waste more time on this third class movie... nonsense acting and storyline.
Terrible film even Shazam better then this
Definitely the worst movie of the Marvel universe. No character arc. The typical vague story. Brie Larsen is probably the most unlikable actress to play a super hero. It definitely doesn't help that the Captain Marvel is a horrible character in this movie. In the comics = somewhat ok. Thanks for robbing me of my time.
Why, oh why haven't I checked viewers' opinions on RottenTomatoes first...?

Embarassing, a complete disappointment. Not in line with the franchise storyline at all, just another try to squeeze out some cash out of the faithful fans. Could not exist at all.
The main character or hero is totally unlikeable. I found her acting and the script to be grating.
We are used to classical Marvel Films with ups and downs but still amazing movies. Captain Marvel on the other hand really disappointed. Every Marvel hero has flaws and they were not shy to show them, just look at STony, Romanov, and Banner for example.  Carol Danvers on the other hand is the embodiment of perfection and is represented as such. For me, it's just another attempt at getting a strong lead character by brute force. Please Look at Rouge One, Star wars The Clone Wars and even the Ironman trilogy and Black Pather. there is no need to force anything.
Captain marvel is a lifeless, overpowered Mary Sue who we are told throughout the movie is a good, funny, smart person but this is not shown at any point in the movie. She is told constantly that she is out of control of her emotions, but she shows less emotional range than Bella Swan in the first twilight film. 

The whole movie is a petty "men bad, women good" without any real soul. By the end you have no real investment in her character, and her presence in endgame spat in the face of all the characterisation and heart given to every other character. 

If you want to write a strong female character, look to black widow and take notes.
The biggest set back of this movie all revolves around Brie Larson and the character of Captain Marvel. 

Brie Larson's acting in this movie is sub-par. She shows almost ability to accurately display different emotions depending on the situation. Her performance was very much lack luster to me.
For the character of Captain Marvel. There is no way to connect with the character. Instead of seeing and feeling her faults, we are told them. Not to mention she has ZERO weaknesses. The climax fight of the movie didn't feel like a climax. I knew she was going to win and nothing could be done to stop her. 

For a superhero movie to be successful, there has to be doubt and fear that the hero will prevail (although we know they will win because it is a superhero movie). All hero's have some weakness, i.e. Superman - kryptonite, Ironman/Batman - Mortal.  Even Thor who is a god can be injured and killed.
Great action that is nicely adapted to the many different environments in this film. Brie Larson has a strong leading presence and great chemistry with Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury. The movie tells a great self contained story about self discovery and friendship wile also revealing the larger cosmic world of the MCU giving us context to events that happened throughout the franchise making this a must watch for any Marvel fan, Excelsior!
My FAVORITE superhero!! I love this character, storyline and all things Captain Marvel. I need to see more of her in future Avenger movies. Girl power all the way.
Whatever Captain Marvel does in the movie is not heroic, she is arrogant and reckless. Also the whole movie is focused on virtue signaling. The whole movie is based on Captain Marvel trying to prove that she is better than the men around her, other than that she has no personality.
A fine movie, the story is decent and there are some nice side characters. Still, the film lacks proper tension and the fact that Captain Marvel doesn't face real opposition hurts the movie as well as the greater universe, as it very much makes her a Deus ex Machina in the broader context of the MCU.
The passionless directing and flimsy editing really hold this movie back. There are strong moments and story beats that keep it from completely sinking, but it's one of Marvel's most underwhelming efforts to date.

FULL REVIEW: https://letterboxd.com/blujayfilms/film/captain-marvel/
Some movies are just completely forgettable. Like Thor 2 forgettable. This one compounds this with just some really bad story telling. Captain Marvel gets no arc in the story.... nothing can touch her, nothing is at risk for her so she ends up being boring. It does not help that Brie Larson plays her so flat, making her even less compelling and less likely to be remembered. The cat in this movie has a bigger arc than the main character. Perhaps the lead could have been portrayed better through improved direction or a better script - but clearly one of the glaring shortcomings of this flick is the script. Aside from abandoning the core tenants of what makes for a good story, there is plenty here that just plain makes no sense. If you are not paying for it and you just need some background sounds while you are focused on working, you will likely get more out of this film than if you actually paid attention to it.
This movie is just propaganda, the story is full of holes and the protagonist, my god, this protagonist don't have any personality whatsoever and it don't improve after the "challenges" that this mc go through during the movie. The movie can be summarized into: "op mc punches and lasers things"
I love Marvel movies, Ive seen them all. This one was the rare exception. Wish I could get my money and time back. Horribly miscast lead.
This was just a bad movie. No, not because it was 'woke trash' like many have said about it, but because it simply falls flat on having a strong main character- and that I place the blame solely on the casting of Captain Marvel/Brie Larson and Disney's behind the scenes producer/director choices.

There are so many better choices for a female lead, and it's a crying shame that this was the first Marvel MCU movie to feature a female lead and not Black Widow/Scarlett Johansson.  Those that criticize the Marvel fans that have enjoyed all or most previous films in the MCU but disliked this were placing the blame solely on those being sexist or simply not supporting female leads. My argument to that is that we simply don't like Larson for the role- the character is fine, though flawed in terms of writing (while a Superman type character that is overpowered and needs a kryptonite or excuse to be absent in order to bring some believability or situational danger to keep things interesting when they can merely super punch or fly through a villain rather than struggle).  Larson's acting is very flat and stiff in this film. Both my wife and I were uninterested in her character's journey, as we felt no connection or empathy towards her due to the actor's inability to convey a wide array of emotions. It had nothing to do with her being one of the most powerful superheroes introduced thus far!  We felt the same upon her return in the Avengers movies that wrapped up the Infinity Stones story line. She was just 'there' for lack of a better term to describe her presence. It was cool to see her (spoilers) take out Thanos' ship at the end- that may have been the only time that I was somewhat interested in her actions in the movie, and how she stood up to Thanos when he had all the stones in the gauntlet, but at the same time, several other characters were able to stand up to Thanos who were mortal (Captain America) and inflict damage to him (Scarlett Witch) at other parts so it wasn't exceptional. We have no interest in seeing a sequel with her in it.

The Captain Marvel movie, to me, was good only because of the 90's setting, soundtrack and nostalgia references along with de-aged Coulson and Fury. Other than that, I was rather bored watching this one.  Wonder Woman was a much better female lead superhero flick!
Captain Marvel does seem like a rushed film in terms of character growth and development compared to other MCU films, but the same lovable quality and charm is still present throughout the film. It is refreshing to see another side to Nick Fury that we have yet to see in other movies. The friendship between these two characters is fantastic and the chemistry is delightful. Captain Marvel overall is a delightful addition to the MCU and I am excited for future appearances from Brie Larson.
just as boring and bland as any other marvel movie.
Boring and not creative
Was just straight up boring.
For a character who is supposed to be the strongest, Captain Marvel is the least inspiring and has the weakest character and story arc.
Not fun at all...

the character is invincible and arrogant as f***

there is no learning or fun at the story/drama
just a bad movie i did not like the plot the acting i was bored most of the movie. I cant say what cuit was off
A very underrated marvel movie that everyone needs to see
A very good movie in presentation and visual effects but a terrible message even breaking with basic narration rules - like so many movies these days.

I won't mention on visuals because they are great. This is no surprise as CM is not the first marvel movie so you can expect this. What worries me is the character arc. It's said Carol Danvers has a weakness she needs to overcome. Fair enough. But the revelation is she never really had this weakness. She was OP all along and acknowledging this costs her literally nothing. A man is responsible for her weakness and she needs to liberate from that. So the basic message is self-empowerment. This paints a very bad picture because there either is no overall message for people watching or the message is to liberate yourself from oppression holding you donw. Sounds familiar? It's as awful as it sounds.
This movie is overhated. It was pretty good especially Nick Fury.
Brie Larson is so one dimensional. She seems like the typical non humorous robot people our society produces now and she carries that into her acting.  The plot was dumb...the Kree/Skrull war was more like Skrulls running scared than the Enemy Mine hatred they have for each other in the comics.

The best part is being in the shoes of the Kree in the beginning with Ronin on your side fighting. Other than that Brie's acting was a big fate disappointment. Marvel missed the mark in this one.
Naw, when a movie becomes heavy in political attitude its not worth watching. I watched it. Regretted it.
I've recently started watching all the Marvel films in timeline order and this is the 2nd one on the list. Samuel L Jackson was great as Nick Fury and Brie Larson is a good actress but I just couldn't get into this film. I'm a fan of superhero movies and the Marvel movies but this one was very longwinded and boring. The actors in the film were all good but the story was not, it seemed to lack that "marvel magic". It passed the time but I wont be watching again and again like I have with other superhero and Marvel movies.
Literally a complete waste of Carol Danvers. An awesome character played awfully in a messy and condescending film.
Is very not original very weird vibe
HORRIBLE MOVIE!!!!...._
I tried to be subjective and find redeeming qualities in this movie but it is so boring. It plays like it was was written by a kid trying to act smart.
There is a lot to learn still from ancient scripts and plays. When the computer is more important than human creativity, which cleary needs time, trial and error and will never be perfect, this is the result. I remember script session, they were months long, then you went into pre-production. And I am talking script, draft no 39. So many years before the story was born, then nurtured, and now had reached its maturity so we would consider a shoot. These days movies are produced like video games, latter are also getting worst. No story, no intellectual thought, just statement after statement and senseless action. Remember how Hitchcock could make you move with only one sound?
Marvel gives audiences a powerful lead woman for the first time since its film series debut in 2008. After many powerful female supporting roles from Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), Wanda (Elizabeth Olsen), Gamora (Vanessa Marshall), and more, the MCU has finally introduced a movie with a female lead. Captain Marvel's origin story is very interesting and the 90s vibe throughout the film is lovely. Samuel L. Jackson as Larson's supporting role does phenomenal and the film proves he needs more screen time in the future.
Some issues: 
1. Uncharismatic, lifeless lead. One could say it's part of the plot and totally "in character" but that doesn't change the fact that she is boring.
2. Boringly overpowered main character. There's a reason why kryptonite exists. It's about the only way to introduce any suspense to a Superman story - and still, it's tough to tell a Superman story without a similarly overpowered monster/villain. There's a reason why the best Thor movie is the one wherein he loses his hammer and doesn't even personally defeat the enemy.
3. Uncompelling, easily-dispatched big bad. A direct result of having such an overpowered protagonist and exacerbated by pitting them against a much weaker antagonist. That's why you end up with such an anticlimactic final battle with zero stakes.

Other than that, good idea to cash in on nostalgia by setting the movie when they did. Great to have a female-led MCU movie, nice introduction to Kree and Skrulls that could potentially be explored further in later movies/storylines, a de-aged Samuel L. Jackson (despite moving like an old man) is not bad, and there was a ton of great acting from all the other characters/actors.
It's a disaster of a movie that is horribly written and has no good redeeming qualities. A waste of time is an understatement.
I like the action and it had some good scenes.
Shallow. No character development
Horrible movie. Nothing interesting about the main character. Destroys several plot-lines from the actual good marvel films. Changing the main character's gender for more audience support is also weak. Oh, and Nick Fury's line about his eye makes absolutely no sense now. DO NOT WATCH THIS UNLESS YOU ARE PREPARED TO MOCK IT.
I think all of the other ratings are pure sexism. Captain Marvel is probably one of my top 10 favorite Marvel films. It had the right amount of action and comedy that every Marvel movie usually has. I liked the backstory of Carol Danvers, it was interesting, I liked the theme of the movie and the time period it was in. I LOVE the blockbuster scene, it was enjoyable for someone who grew up with blockbuster and grew up with a family that went to blockbuster A LOT. I liked the Nirvana mentions, those were enjoyable, being a fan of Nirvana myself. Overall, I think everyone should watch the Captain Marvel movie, super excited for the second one!! Cannot wait to see where they take her character and any other character they bring in.
Dissapointing for a Marvel movie. Brie Larsons acting is terrible, unless Captain Marvel is supposed to be emotionless robot.
One of the worst marvel movies. Lots of plotholes. At least it's fun...
Poor character development. Unrealistic arcs. Forced. Rushed. Time I can never get back. This movie is the moment I lost faith in Marvel movies and why I wait for them to hit DVD now.
What even is this trash of a movie? Brie's performance was flat when compared to Infinity War and Endgame. The action sequences are dead boring and the plot feels like a whole bunch of BS.
É diferente de vários filmes de super herói, não teve luta contra um imponente vilão no final, os atores são ótimos, principalmente a Brianne Larson, mas o roteiro pecou muito. A HQ "A Vida Da Capitã Marvel" veio pouco tempo antes do filme para endireitar com o filme, mas conseguiu sair tudo diferente e ambas as histórias só combinam em mudar a origem da personagem.
Alright! In all honesty, I don't see why audiences hate Captain Marvel a lot. I thought it was an amazing female superhero movie.
This movie is likely the worst of the MCU. The acting from Larson was wooden, the plot made little sense, and much of the dialogue had me cringing in my seat. The character of Nick Fury in Captain Marvel is wholly inconsistent with what the MCU has established for him.  The action and the fight scenes were decent, and that is probably the only partially redeeming quality of this movie.
I genuinely expected more from the Captain Marvel character, cause after The Infinity war she was built up as the game-changer. She really wasn't, but they're stuff I can get behind & stuff they failed at. One of those is what happens to Nick Fury's eye. I expected better because of a comment he makes about it in an Avenger's movie
WORST marvel movie of all time.

Critics giving it a thumbs up?? please. 
SO boring and lame.

Wonderwoman is way way better
Despite the common opinion it's a good movie. It is definitely flawed but still very good. The lead is kinda boring but the action is enjoyable and getting to learn more about Nick Fury and see Agent Coulson is a treat. It has an intriguing story with some phenomenal world building. Goose is adorable and the references are great. It's a fun watch overall.
Clearly Marvels attempt to compete with DC's far superior WonderWoman. Waste of time and money. Thanks a lot Marvel
The movie was very boring and the movie's plot twist was very predictable.
The worst movie of the MCU.
FANTASTIC!!!

I RECOMMEND TO YOU ...
So terrible worst movie out side of the terrible ghostbusters 2016
I really tried to enjoy this movie but it was so boring, I almost felt sleep a lot of times. It has 1-2 interesting concepts but that's it.
I have always had a negative opinion of this film. However, upon watching it a second time, I realised I vastly underestimated it. This movie blows many others in the MCU out of the water, including the first thor films and many others. The main issue I see is that marvel introduced Captain Marvel late in the game (as well as the sexism that arises from a strong female character). After all the rhetoric I had seen about marvels cockiness, I had expected her to be unbearable. But while watching, all I saw was a person who had been taught her whole remembered life that the people on earth were below her and that she was a powerful soldier defending her planet. Not only was her attitude understandable, I found it enjoyable and watching her not stand for injustices thrown her way was refreshing and welcome. Overall, I think this movie was great, and while there may be valid criticisms, a 2.3 score is ridiculous and shows how many marvel fans view the first female based superhero film.
Oof, Captain Marvel is awful. The lead character is bland, the action is forgettable, it opens up new inconsistencies in the timeline, they turn Nick Fury into a joke, and it just was at the end of the day mediocre at best. I don't understand how one can call this a great movie.
This movie was pointless. Putting aside the terrible person that is Larson, the movie just fell flat and forced. The cat was maybe the best part and that is not a good thing. They need to can this movie, character, and whoever wrote it/directed it. I will not watch a sequel if made.
boring it sucks it sucks so bad baddest movie of the mcu period
god no, sososososo bad
Filme chato do caralho
Big budget movie that gives more of the same.
This movie gets to much hate, it’s not Amazing, but it’s really good.
Even worse than Incredible Hulk and Thor 2.  That's saying a lot.
While not as bad as others may make it seem, Captain Marvel is still a dull experience, due to a lack of entertaining action, and a wooden performance from Brie Larson.
Chato, mal feito e com críticas favoráveis duvidosas
The best scene are with the cat ,what are you thinking top  critics give this shiit a certifed fresh please IT sucks
One of the worst Marvel films made.
Película que no aporta nada solo mala inclusión de feminismo pésima
Such a boring ass movie
Es pesima, carece de sentido y desarrollo, hay mas chistes que momentos importates, quieren hacer un empoderamiento y terminan haciendo un personaje terrible
I'm not sure how or why this got so many high scores from critics this is one of Marvel's dumbest movies in my opinion at least plot-wise there was so many plot holes that is started to give me a headache like a patch stopping her powers because she didn't believe or something like that also this movie made Nick Fury line in Avengers week the Kree and the scroll are now extremely incompetent ECT. This movie honestly suffers from plot stupidity
This movie sucks eggs
The movie was great it got great action scenes and heartfelt moral about knowing who you are, that we shouldn't let anyone control what feel or do.
Es lamentable como desperdiciaron la introducción de los skrulls, dándole una realidad muy alejada de los comics, y como resultado perdiendo un gran material que a su paso termino con la esperanza de los fanáticos de ver la invasión secreta.
Worst marvel movie so far .
One of the worst movie I've seen was boring and unoriginal
I enjoyed parts of the movie but for the most part it's just Brie Larson being the most wooden character in MCU history, she needed to be more diverse instead of 3 emotions, Anger, Happy, and Rebel, which can work for a Character if written well. The main issue comes with the fact that we know as much as Carol Danvers about who she is, which on paper sounds like a great idea, but doesn't translate well to screen.

But the biggest crime is how they made Nick fury lose his eye to a cat, all for the sake of a joke nobody laughed at
Waste of movie they should stop while they are ahead
This was just weird. Really really weird!
Its not as bad as everyone says
Must watch it. An overall good film
Uhm...What the hell was this ?  Don't waste your time with this regardless if you are an MCU fan or looking for a female action film ... Poor direction, poor acting and script is atrocious.
Brie Larson has as much personality and acting ability as a plank of MDF.
Watch Wonder Woman ( Until the third act,then switch off) or Atomic Blonde instead.
Gave 5 star for being the best female-led superhero movie. It has the best action scenes,3rd act,villains in this category btw
Nothing special. Artificial development of storyline/characters.
Pésima película, el villano es mediocre, la trama muy mala, incluso la historia de cómo Nick Fury pierde su ojo a causa de un gato!! La peor película que he visto en mi vida.
It was a long time coming but this is the Femal led super-hero movie I think many of us were waiting for. It was an exciting addition to the Marvel universe and added depth to characters we've seen before. It also sets up possible story avenues that with a new light.
Worse Marvel movie so far - I didn't like how Brie Larson acted - at the beginning of the movie she is described as "hot tempered" but there is not a single moment where this aspect is seen (probably the script didn't help), she is strong - and quite boring - from the beginning to the end of the movie.
The score was bad during the fight scene. It got on my nerve. The acting was so so bad and Brie Larson did not fit the role of Captain Marvel
I saw this movie in theaters, and I can't say that it was my favorite Marvel movie, but it sticks to the MCU formula well enough to produce another solid one. 

This movie is on par with the MCU as a whole, which gives this movie the extra boost that it needs to stay fresh. Otherwise, this movie wouldn't be very good at all. The comedy is pretty good, exactly what you've come to expect form Marvel. The characters in this movie were rather a mixed bag for me, for the protagonist in particular, I'll get to that in a moment. I genuinely enjoyed watching most of the characters though, some are far more rounded than others. The story is plain enough and adds just enough nostalgia from past MCU movies to keep true fans invested. Causal viewers will be pleased the most with your typical third act CGI-fest. 

I was rather disappointed with how Marvel handled the character Captain Marvel. I understand that the directors adapted her just as she is in the comics, that isn't my main gripe. I'm more concerned with her lack of character development. Throughout the movie, Carol Danvers', played by Brie Larson, has some compelling motivation is to prove wrong all of her doubters as one strong female lead ought to and this was a large victory for empowering women everywhere, but... why doesn't her character change by the time that the film is over? At the beginning of the movie, she's kicking butt, getting up when she's thrown down, and trying to remember who she is because she's been brainwashed by the twist villain. At the end of the movie, she's kicking more butt, getting up when she's thrown down, and remembers enough of her past to take down the twist villain. Yet she doesn't learn anything about herself. She keeps doing what she's always done. Carol Danvers doesn't go through any emotional or internal character arc, which absolutely shocked me given Marvel's Oscar-worthy demonstration of story telling in Black Panther. If I'm being completely honest, I felt short-changed, Captain Marvel deserved better than this. I understand that Captain Marvel is a hard character to adapt to the big-screen, in terms of personality and the extreme level of her cosmic powers, but I've come to expect so much from Marvel that I was disappointed.

If you have enjoyed MCU films thus far, you will find this one to be a hit as well. Despite an unfortunately shallow protagonist, this movie manages to rise above that problem to become an average MCU film.
I fell asleep watching this movie on several separate attempts at watching it. Either multiple postmates workers slipped me sedatives, or this blows.
Like the character. Didn't like the storyline.
I don't understand the negativity towards Captain Marvel, it's not one of the greatest Marvel films but it is a satisfying and solid beginning for the character.

I thought Brie Larson was great, looking forward to the sequel.
I love the character, I love the comics I read, and I really wanted to love this more than I did. It's a watchable movie but it's not the great cinematic introduction the character herself could have had.
Finally got to watch it.  Its pretty good, but I could never figure out just where that darn cat came from.  Also its good to see where Nick Fury finally got his patch from a cat scratch!!!
