Wish the rematch of Sabertooth vs Wolverine was longer!
Loved this film, super funny with great cameos and overall a total blast.
Very very refreshing!   Enjoyed the show!
Amazing marvel movie
2 of my favorite Marvel Comics Characters on one screen at same time Hugh performance top tier deadpool one of a kind
Great time if you love comics and…gay sex jokes….
The action was very good along with the 100 percent spot on soundtrack they had for this film . I felt every song was placed in the right spot . The opening scene from the start of the movie off was wild . the cameos in this film were great to . I loved how they brought back some of the old faces of marvel before the MCU was ever formed . they finally got justice . The humor was over the top but its one of the reasons people love deadpool films .
Stupid as hell, but worth it. Jackman and Reynolds riff so well off each other. As someone who is not a fan of superhero movies, the fact that this one does it's best to constantly ridicule the genre very much pleases me. But the fact that these two characters can't die (and basically neither can anyone else in the dumbass MCU, apparently) these movies never have a drop of drama even though there is always some stupid doomsday mcguffin plugged into all this dreck. Still, you're just here to watch savage riffing and grunting and stabbing. Enjoy it, like the occasional McDonald's. Meaning, it is what it is, tastes good going down, even though you know it's mass produced crap.
Peak absolute cinema
This movie made me realize that all these leaks that we see were put out there on purpose. So many scenes in this movie made me go "HOW TF DID THAT NOT LEAK?"

Overall, fun movie. I've never been that big into the Deadpool movie but I had a good time.
The Cavillrine cameo was interesting, but it's also great as a multiverse movie, connecting with Blade, Ben Affleck's Daredevil & Elektra. Punisher references, kinda intriguing, also. Fun cameo from the 2005's Human Torch and also how it reuses Logan, which was one of the best Fox-Verse X-Men movies. It's a fun movie, overall.
if I could get a negative to this movie I would. It was appalling the language and how these two characters were just despicable despicable!
One of my most anticipated movies in a long time. From the very beginning of Deadpool and Wolverine, I was reminded why I fell in love with the MCU and superhero movies in the first place.

Seeing Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman reprise their iconic roles was exactly what I wanted it to be, and they had me smiling the entire time. Their chemistry is on point, their banter sharp and hilarious, and their performances are top-notch. This movie is a wild ride from start to finish, packed with irreverent humor, brutal action, and a surprising amount of heart. It's definitely the most fun I've had in a theater all summer.

What really sets Deadpool & Wolverine apart is its ability to blend outrageous comedy with a sincere homage to the Marvel legacy. It’s a film made with passion, paying a beautiful tribute to what came before while pushing the boundaries of the franchise. The action sequences are some of Marvel’s best yet, with fight choreography that’s both thrilling and brutal. The humor is relentless, and it left me at times with little room to catch my breath between laughs. It won't be for everyone but I feel like this was a movie specifically made for me.

Despite its many strengths, the film isn’t without flaws. Some scenes feel a bit too chaotic, and the narrative can occasionally seem driven by future franchise plans rather than the story at hand. However, these minor issues are easily overshadowed by the sheer entertainment value and the emotional punches it delivers.

Deadpool & Wolverine is more than just a movie; it’s an experience. It's giddy, gruesome, and unexpectedly touching. Whether you're a long-time fan or new to the MCU, this film is a must-see. Grab your popcorn and get ready for a rollercoaster of laughter, action, and nostalgia.
Pretty great continuation of deadpool. Great watch, funny moments. I do kind of wish we saw some previous characters but overall pretty happy with how this movie went. Sadly some of the only good marvel content recently.
Lot of fun and action . Story a little shallow but has good pay offs. The perfect lover letter to the Fox X-men movies .
Amazing movie Hugh Jackman and Ryan reynolds deliver a hilarious action packed entry to Deadpool series  that hilariously makes fun of its own genre
Just bad. In every way. Awful script, jokes were lame and overdone. I feel like I should have been paid to sit through that garbage, and I love Marvel movies.
Absolutely moronic script -- any 10 year old could have done better. The very worst Marvel film ever.
Me encanta el humor y todo lo que lleva la película la recomiendo
Was an....alright movie. Gave it 2.5 starts just because blade was in it. And because they kept Wesley snipes.
Boring and couldn’t finish it. Worst Deadpool out of all them
It's generally a really fun movie to watch and I really like the opening credits with the bye bye bye dance. My only real complaint is that Deadpool's partner broke up with him for no reason they could've left that out.
It's was great to much 3rd wall.
Es una estupidez de película mejor una de ficheras usan el mismo lenguaje
It was horrible. It reminded me of one of those parody movies from the 90's. Relied way too much on cameos and gimmicks rather than just telling a good story.
For those afraid that Disney would tone down Deadpool, this movie will definately put your fears to rest. The "Merch with a Mouth" is just as foul, funny and fourth wall breaking as he's ever been (everything except cocaine, as he points out multiple times) and fully takes advantage of his new sandbox to play in. Nothing is off limits here, Disney, MARVEL, DC and Fox all get the stuffing ripped out of them. Even Hugh Jackman's divorce doesn't away clean, although presumably he signed off on that right???

Fan service in all the right ways, those who have been following MARVEL movies since before the MCU will have a grin on their faces from begining to end, as an endless parade of figures we never thought we'd seen don their superhero garb ever again show up to "Get our ending". There's even a few new ones too, and of course Hugh Jackman absolutely smashes it as Wolverine, playing off Ryan Reynolds much more unhinged Deadpool perfectly.

The plot barely hangs together, but that really shouldn't be anyone's priority. The few attempts at something a bit more character driven don't really land, though the running theme of Deadpool wanting to matter does tie in nicely with the general views on non-MCU MARVEL movies in recent years.

The only real flaw I have with this film isn't even a fault of the film itself. The MCU is happy to laugh at itself, allowing Dradpool to refer to the current  era as a "rough patch", but given the initial reactions to "Captain America: Brave New World", it seems they're happy to simply be a laughing stock instead of trying to fix things. Ah well!

Ultimately, for anyone suffering with Superhero fatigue, this film may well be the cure.
~...the proposal...~
Great action and some genuine funny moments.
Cheesy ending and not a very deep plot, but that doesn't matter as this is the funniest movie of the year.
Makes fun of the its own genre brilliantly.
Peter is really, really, REALLY sexually attractive
Watched this movie on opening weekend.  It didn't ruin logan's legacy or deadpool 2's continuity. It was amazing to watch it in theatres and never had so much fun in a theatre in a long time.
Filme muito Bom,Wolverine é a estrela desse filme junto com essa ótima dupla que ele fazem,as cenas de ação estão muito boa,o filme tem muitas surpresas pra te deixar preso na cadeira e n querer sair mais
Hilarious but VERY bloody. Basically everything you could ask for from a Wolverine and Deadpool crossover.
It’s overrated in the best way possible! 8.5/10 would recommend .
Not bad. Not worth seeing twice
Honestly, it could be better.
Seeing Hugh Jackman is the highlight of this movie, and luckily, he stays awhile. He's a necessary attachment in a series where the main protagonist overstays his welcome.
Es muy mala, es una película cómica sin sentido, los personajes no tienen sentido de ser, solo hacen bromas sencillas y por supuesto un montón de efectos especiales y referencias por las que pagaron un montón de dinero, es decir es una película cara para verla si te gusta algo muy popular y ver muchas peleas donde siempre gana Deadpool y hay mucha sangre y disparos.
It's ok. A little overrated in my opinion but still a fun movie.
Fun to watch, with a lot of cameo, which true marvel fans only will understand. Love to see some old marvel character come across to 616, especially Gambit, which never get the chance for his own movie. But some TVA issue are confusing, need to fully explain in future movie.
This was a ton of fun — and Deadpool is not my favorite by far. Action was great and the writing was solid. I am disappointed that DP did not end up in the MCU proper in the end. That said, I am generally tired of movies relying too heavily on nostalgia and really done with multiverse shenanigans.
Excellent!! 👍 Best Movie 🍿
One of the best movies of the year and still is 2025
This was one of the worst movies I’ve seen. The jokes were not funny and the plot felt pointless.
Some of the jokes were trying too hard. But the action and characters were great.
Deadpool had too much dialogue. I liked the previous ones better.
The most fun Marvel movie
Worth the wait!!! Great time and great movie
An absolute blast that fulfills its purpose. The plot isn't the most complex one out there, but the movie more than delivers in all aspects. It's a comedy that isn't afraid to take risks with the jokes, and it's got the elements that make seeing an MCU movie in theaters worth it. Character motivations get a little choppy towards the end, which prevents this from getting a 10/10. Overall, this movie is what is keeping me invested in the MCU. Do yourself a favor and watch this film!
I haven't had so much fun in cinema in years. an absolute blast!..and with a lot of heart too. Absolutely brilliant!
Too many shoehorned horribly placed songs we get it you like 80s music and whoever picked them sucks they did not read the scene it seems like other than that ok movie
Deadpool is one of the best Marvel characters in the films. It’s great to see old and new X-Men characters returning in future movies under Marvel Studios instead of 20th Century.
Heavily reliant on Cameos however this is a great reboot for the MCU
Great story and cameos, fan service to the T.
Excellent movie. Loved it! So funny too!
This was a slam dunk, I love the actors, and I love the characters they portray, and it was very nostalgic without being complete fanfare.
Loved this movie until 2025 when you realize Ryan Reynolds created a not so interesting character to bully Justin Baldoni, who his wife was harassing.
My 2 stars are for Madonna.
A great culmination of the Fox films and and intro to Deadpool in the MCU.
Good watch, it is driven by it's cameos. Parts of the film dragged out for too long and felt as though they had been used before. However, for a fun watch and great action sequences it's worth a watch.
Quizás lo que más me gusta de las películas de Deadpool es su rompimiento de la cuarta pared. Adentrada en el U.C.M., este rompimiento, en este caso, se convierte en una editorial de Marvel, en el que expresa un mea culpa por el desastre que ha sido el Multiverso Cinematográfico; y en la que nos ofrecen corregir en breve. Por lo demás, los chistes me parecen geniales. La película es, en conclusión, una serie sucesiva de chistes enfocados a reordenar el universo cinematográfico mutante, que, como el mismo Deadpool nos da a entender, es necesario para las correcciones que pretenden implementarse en el U.C.M.
Really fun time if you love these characters , the best multiverse movie so far. Villian was meh but the movie wasnt
This movie proves that Marvel can write good stories, let’s hope to god the next marvel movie after this turns out to be good.
awesome sauce 👌🏾 😎
A highly entertaining romp through the last chapter of the Fox Marvel films, D&W isn’t afraid to take bold steps and make crass jokes, all for our amusement. And yes, let’s see Jackman continue to play Wolverine until he’s 90.
amazing in every aspect
marvel gave us a classic movie that's R Rated with some of the best legacy characters in history.
Not a perfect movie but I was never a huge deadpool fan to begin with, only seen the first 2 films once maybe twice but I am a huge x men/wolverine fan so that's why I watched honestly
Just a fan service movie for the comic diehards
I want my money back!
Even though the plot is paper thin and has multiple loopholes, Deadpool and Wolverine is the most entertaining film since Endgame, filled to the brim with self deprecating humour, two leads who's banter could entertain you for atleat 5 hours, well placed cameos that give a homage to the Fox movies, emotional moments that strike hard and explosive action scenes that fully utilize the R rating. The movie is a rollercoaster of entertainment from start to finish, and will definitely leave your heart full and make you wish that the Deadpool franchise never ends.
Best marvel movie I seen
This movie holds nothing back, all while grounded by the emotional and comedic performances from the two leading men!  It’s a love letter to all the Fox movies that we loved and hated, and brings them back as something better in a way that only the MCU can.
It was alright. It was entertaining. It wasn't a good movie.
It was good. Typical Deadpool with all the stressful dialog. Gets a little sloppy but still good.
The film is a rollercoaster of emotions that will not fool fans of the Marvel universe.
Really funny, easy to follow and fun watch. I recommend it to everybody.
The plot twists were insane. I loved how the comedy mixed with the action. Great movie!
this movie was awesome, and I'm buying it for my house so everyone in my family can see it. this was the first rated R movie I have ever seen.
good movie, hope to see more from them
Took a half star off out of respect for nicepool
There is a lot of hype surrounding Deadpool & Wolverine. Some of it is deserved, but some of it isn’t. To be honest, I was kind of bored in the beginning of this movie. However, when things finally got moving, it was amusing. I wish I hadn’t been spoiled on all the various cameos because that is where 80% of the humor comes from. And while I may have chuckled a few times, there were no belly laughs. This movie is also far more vulgar than it needed to be. Shock humor isn’t very clever, and it gets old quickly. So, while I may have enjoyed seeing Deadpool & Wolverine team up, it’s not a legendary film.
the greatest possible finale for the merc with the mouth.
This movie is so funny. It's nice to See Hugh Jackman come back as Wolverine. LFG! 😄
Eigentlich wollte ich mir den Film gar nicht anschauen, weil es fast schon klar war, dass Disney nur - was auch immer- produziert hat. Die Langeweile hat mich dazu geführt, es mir heute anzusehen, und das wiederum hat mich veranlasst, mich hier anzumelden, um eine Bewertung abzugeben. Die anderen zwei Teile, waren Trash, aber unterhaltsam. Das hier war nur pure Langeweile und dazu einfach noch schlecht. Dabei hatte ich von diesem Film eigentlich gar nichts erwartet, aber auch das wurde noch übertroffen. Ich hab's leider nicht zum Ende geschafft, da war mir meine Zeit einfach zu schade und Mega gelangweilt.
Eu sou fã dois dois personagens, mesmo tendo sido um filme Disney o mercenário bocudo não perdeu sua essência e Volvinho soltou o verbo. Amei S2
MARVEL push all the limits with Disney productions fantastic movie
The best in the series.  I hate violence for violence sake and bad language but there was enough good in the movie to make me not mind the stuff I didn't like.  It was funny, and irreverent.  The only movie since End Game I've wanted to watch again.
Best Marvel movie in a very long time
Greattttt loved it perfect
What many forgettable comic book adaptations lack is the strong suit of this movie, and that's creativity. It's not just the superficial imagery, it's the new ideas thrown together to make this unpredictable load of action. Ryan Reynold's nonstop chatter will echo through ears for some years yet to come. Perfect visuals with meticulous special effects. Lovely background music and strong audio effects. Great performances by the whole cast that's full of memorable figures. With many unlikely team ups and new additions this movie is easily the best by Marvel in recent times. A great dark comedy for the aged and bored.
I finally got to sit down and watch Deadpool and wolervine and I enjoyed it. Multiple fights scenes between Deadpool and Wolverine which I loved considering their healing powers. There were so many unexpected camos from other characters.  The constant reminder through humor that Deadpool rights were now own by Disney. 
The movie had a good soundtrack as well, which I believe it’s very important for movie especially with long running now. Ryan Reynolds does a great job as usually playing Deadpool.  I would recommend this movie to comic book /marvel fanatics, comedy and action.
high expectation for such a hollow plot. good comedy film
Using your film to let your wife bully someone is ugly and awful.
Although I liked the deadpool franchise, this movie was not funny, very boring and had scenes who were way to long and didn’t help the storyline of the movie. Nice pool??? It was just boring.
Phenomenal, as expected everyone delivered
Sinceramente una de las películas mas mediocres que he visto en mi vida. Nunca entendí los chistes forzados y supuestamente cuartas paredes que hizo ryan reynolds
I had only seen Deadpool 2016, which was groundbreaking. This Deadpool & Wolverine movie is so bad, i quit after 20min. Fake, lame, overcomplicated, too many inside jokes, some stupid "midlife crisis" theme and ZERO Deadpool personality. It is so bad i want to do a harakiri after jumping from a tower. Complete f'up.
Liked Deadpool 1 & 2 a lot but didn't like this at all.
Jackman's performance is strong, but for me the movie messes up the delicate balance of seriosity/stake/action vs making fun of everything.
Here, the (supposedly) funny part is way too dominant and overpowers the rest. Besides, the fun part is just much less funny than in Deadpool 1 and 2 - it can get too much of idiocy & grabbing balls. Found this actively irritating at times.
Absolutely amazing, the plot twists had me on the edge of my seat. Highly recommend !!!
Reynolds is a bad actor and a horrible human being. Pass on this movie and all other movies of his. There are so many other, better choices in this genre.
Me: Who would've thought that only Deadpool movie I would watch and end up actually liking as well would be a crossover between Him & Wolverine 
Story: 7.5/10
Visuals: 9/10
Characters: 7/10
Overall: 8.5/10❤️☣️💛
excellent film to revive the marvel universe
The Marvel universe still has a lot to give, and this is the proof. It just needs to use the right tools.
Assisti ao filme do Deadpool com o Wolverine e achei mediano. Apesar de algumas boas cenas de ação e o humor característico do Deadpool, senti que a trama poderia ter sido mais bem desenvolvida. A interação entre os dois funciona em alguns momentos, mas ficou aquém do potencial que esses personagens têm juntos. Dá pra assistir, mas não foi tudo que eu esperava.
best marvel movie since guardian galaxy vol 3
They say “you can’t have too much of a good thing!” But yes, yes you can. Holy over kill.
A pretty fun and kickass crossover we’ve all been waiting for: Deadpool in the MCU AND Deadpool meeting Wolverine. Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds have great chemistry and it’s cool to finally see him in the classic yellow outfit. The action and comedy are a little softer this time around, but not without its hits, like with the car fight scene, the army of Deadpool’s, “Scoutmaster Kevin”, or the brilliant cold open with Deadpool stumbling across the end of “Logan”. Admittedly it was a little disappointing with how little screentime most of the OG cast had, not to mention the obligatory “I broke up with my girlfriend offscreen so the writers don’t have to include her in the story even though they’ll get back together by the end” trope.  It’s not my favorite Deadpool movie, but it was a welcome return and it makes me hopeful they keep this charming little gremlin around for future adventures in the MCU.
Typical Marvel fare which means crazy action and lots of jokes.
Best Marvel movie in a while, best Deadpool movie ever (and that’s saying something because the other two were great as well)
We watched 10 minutes and turned it off. Same old rehash of unfunny jokes by RR. Absolutely boring, uninspiring and overrated - the movie and RR. HJ has lost whatever talent he had.
YAWN! Please keep Ryan big head Reynolds OUT of the writing room! What a disaster of a movie. Wolverine USED to be iconic and Amazing. What a downfall! Remember Mr. Hugh Jackman, you are the company you keep and your reputation has taken a huge dump along with your marriage. Ryan Reynolds is Toxic along with his c list actress wife.
One hour and fifteen minutes of pure “trolling” from deadpool and not the regular stuff. Irrelevant jabs unrelated to the movie that people a year from would not understand. Just complete gibberish. Finally getting to a story line over half way through the movie. I actually love the other deadpool movies, this was a total miss.
This has got to be the worst movie I have seen in over 10 years
The reason it’s excellent is because it’s written by people who are, and this may sound shocking to Disney..FANS of the genre and character.
hilarious throwbacks and 4th wall breaks. might be the best Deadpool movie yet
Dumbest movie with no plot line and packed full of political statements.
When Deadpool first (dis)graced our screens, it was fresh, it was fun, it was rowdy. Very much like the main actors in this installment, the storyline, the saving the world, the multiverse, even the profanity laced tirades, this Deadpool feels old and tired.
I watched this one simply because I had seen the previous two which were way better than this film. This one focuses heavily on nostalgia and gimmicks that frankly weren’t necessary and don’t really add anything to Wade Wilson as Deadpool other than announcing that he’s going to be an Avenger in the future so Disney can make the money it used to in that overblown franchise. If you’re into gimmicks and a lot of nostalgia then this is the film for you. Hugh Jackman as Wolverine was probably the only character that added anything to an otherwise useless film in the Deadpool franchise.
So happy they get to make movies like this.  Good for Disney!!  I vote Ryan Reynolds to the board and chief content officer!
Best Deadpool of all time !!!!
Deadpool & Wolverine is a delightful treat that showers its audience with an abundance of butt-kicking fan service for both the titular characters and the nostalgic 2000s Marvel film characters, reprising their roles by the original actors. However, the story falls short of delivering a grand epic adventure, deviating from the formula established in previous Deadpool and Marvel films.

Grading: B+
When the movie and Bye Bye Bye by NSYNC cane out it went Remarkable for every people aged 18 and 21
I was very entertained and laughed so much but I feel like it will lose it's value on replays
Some dopey fun, and a bit of a love letter to Fox’s run of Marvel films.
Excellent dynamic duo. this is the type of film I love out of the multiverse saga. Never would have thought these different characters would share a story on the big screen.
very good but not great
10s across the board! Definitely a good time!
A huge step towards bringing the X-Men back into the limelight where they belong, and a hilarious/heartfelt tribute to the 20th Century Fox Marvel movies. Ryan and Hugh mix so well together, here's hoping this won't be the last we see of them as Deadpool and Wolverine!
awesome movie! Always been a huge fan of anything Marvel. Wolverine and Deadpool together, even better.
Loved the first two...
Best superhero movie, ever!
SO FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Has a lot of heart. Stan Lee would have loved it.
I was very entertained. Plenty of laughs
Highly entertaining. To me, this has to be the best Marvel trilogy. The comedy is consistently high quality. The story for the second film is not that endearing, but the comedic element lifts it up. I would put Guardians of the Galaxy up on that shelf, but the third one fell short for me. Knowing Disney, though, the fourth Deadpool is going to be a rotten mess.
Deadpool y Wolverine es una mezcla perfecta de lo que los fanáticos han estado esperado, aparte de ver a éstos dos personajes juntos y su gran dinámica, también hay otras cosas interesantes como la acción, la escenografía y el entretenimiento, a pesar de no tener una buena base como historia realmente es una película que cuando la ves por primera vez te quedas loco viendo la película, y que cualquier fan de los X-Men podrá hallar varias referencias. En resumen es una película que si bien tiene sus errores, tiene una gran comedia, además de escenografías muy bien logradas que impresionan al espectador.
An Incredably fun and funny movie. This film made me love deadpool, the villain was incredable, and the only real criticism is excessive gore at points. Besides that, one of 2024's best films. I give it an 80%
Best MCU movie since Endgame!
Really enjoyed this!
This is definitely the best Deadpool movie! Great music, silly, funny, it has everything!!!
A completely awful music I almost left the theater. It was so boring.
Biggest disappointment ---a movie that was a waste of my time.  Enjoyed the Deadpool 1 & 2 yet 3 was a failed to entertain.
It's just fun, pure irreverent, laugh out loud fun. And sometimes that all you want or need. You just need to kick back, relax and enjoy it.
Loved it and would watch again.
It’s a bad stand up routine by Reynolds
it took me ages to watch this unfortunately but i am glad i did. it was hilarious and i would've never been able to predict how the story went so that was a nice surprise. i will say i was a little disappointed at the end because they found a workaround (which i'll admit was a pretty clever one) to save both of them. i understand everyone wants the happiest ending possible (and there might be more of these movies) but i don't particularly think it was satisfying to watch the workaround. 
i'll have to watch it again to come back and give a better review since i don't remember everything. but i did thoroughly enjoy the movie.
A very funny movie and also very good for those who want to know more about the continuation of the Marvel universe.
Watching Deadpool and Wolverine felt less like a film and more like an ego trip for Ryan Reynolds. The so-called “plot” is nonexistent, serving merely as a flimsy framework for Reynolds to deliver the same tired quips we’ve heard a hundred times before. The Deadpool persona has officially run its course. What once felt fresh and irreverent now feels stale and forced, like a comedian clinging desperately to their one successful routine.

Even worse, with the recent revelations about Reynolds’ alleged trolling and antagonizing of Justin Baldoni, undercuts the entire production it reeks of a petty revenge project. Rather than focusing on creating something new or engaging, this feels like an exercise in power dynamics and vanity. Reynolds and his wife appear to try and weaponized their influence and this franchise in an attempt for his wife to steal control of another franchise for herself — the same way RR did to Deadpool — which is both disappointing and distasteful, but shows you exactly who they are.

As for the humor, calling it lowbrow would be generous. The vulgarity and shock-value jokes seem to exist solely to cover up the lack of substance. This isn’t clever or subversive—it’s lazy writing straight out of a first-year film student’s playbook. The film mistakes crudeness for comedy and sarcasm for wit, leaving the audience with nothing but hollow laughs and a bitter aftertaste.

Ultimately, Deadpool and Wolverine is a tired, uninspired mess that relies on gimmicks, recycled jokes, and shock value to mask its complete lack of depth. It’s a shame to see two beloved characters wasted on such a shallow and mean-spirited project.
Good movie and it was a long movie
Wij hebben de film na 15 a 20 minuten uitgezet, na de zoveelste slechte 'seks' grap. Niet de moeite waard om te kijken.
Nothing about it follows the comics. They tried way too hard to be funny and it came off as too much. Was more like watching a spoof movie, the jokes were bottom tier and lady pool? I wish I would have never wasted my precious time. Lost the plot as there was no plot and behind the scenes, Ryan used the movie to throw shade at Justin Baldoni because he married a narcissist just like him who can't handle bad press. He totally blinded sided the producer to take full control of the movie just like Blake did to the producer in her lastest movie. The first one was the best. The second was okay, this one just plain sucked. I'm sick of Ryan and his wife taking creative control from directors and putting all their feuds into movies. It was not his film and he bulldozed the director to ruin it all.
Fun, entertaining, kept my eyes on the screen. Villain was terrifying and it was a strange "They can kill dead pool in an instant" but his mouth kept them at bay.

The plot was chaotic but in a good way, threw alot at you at once and saw what stuck. I was surprised it worked, only would work in a dead pool movie. 

Gripes: The amount of blink and you'll miss it moments was hard to keep track of. Ill have to watch it twice just with the intention of catching some hidden details.
The Cameo flood was insane, not in a good way. I like how Deadpool has amazing unheard of characters, but tossing in 5 to 10 popular ones for a quick humorous death is nifty, but sometimes it gets a little old. I felt the last doctor strange had a similar issue.

Over all a must watch and was very fun.
I thought the movie was pretty good, I laughed and had fun as always, I've been a Deadpool fan for a long time, they did a good job, so I liked it, I'll watch it again when I have time.
Wolverine vs. Deadpool was absolutely fantastic and hands down the best movie in the trilogy! The blend of intense action, sharp humor, and emotional depth made this film stand out in every way. The chemistry between Wolverine and Deadpool was electric, with their banter and dynamic creating some of the most memorable moments in superhero cinema.

The action sequences were top-notch, delivering brutal, high-stakes fights that kept me on the edge of my seat. At the same time, the movie didn’t shy away from exploring the characters’ emotional layers, making it more than just a spectacle. The writing was sharp, the pacing was tight, and the story had enough twists and surprises to keep things fresh and exciting.

This movie is a must-see for fans of the franchise. It’s everything you’d want in a Wolverine and Deadpool showdown—gritty, hilarious, and deeply satisfying.
Love it! Makes top 3 of most favorite. Marvel movies ever
This movie was an absolute blast to watch with friends! The chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman is off the charts, bringing both humor and heart to the film. It's a hilarious, action-packed adventure and arguably the best Marvel movies in recent years.

The numerous cameos are an absolute treat, adding extra excitement and surprises that make it worth experiencing on the big screen. The iconic Wolverine mask with white eyes translates beautifully to live-action—it doesn’t look out of place at all.

I’d gladly watch this movie again. What a phenomenal trilogy!
"Deadpool and Wolverine" is a wild, action-packed ride that perfectly blends sharp humor, high-stakes drama, and jaw-dropping action sequences. The unlikely partnership between the fast-talking, irreverent Deadpool and the brooding, battle-hardened Wolverine creates a dynamic that's both hilarious and emotionally engaging. The film doesn't hold back on its trademark sarcasm and meta-commentary, but it also delivers heartfelt moments that explore the depth of these beloved characters. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman are phenomenal in their roles, bringing chemistry, charisma, and a touch of chaos to the screen. Whether they're bickering, fighting side by side, or just trying to survive, their banter and camaraderie make this movie unforgettable.

The action scenes are a feast for the eyes, with epic battles, creative fight choreography, and a perfect balance of gritty intensity and over-the-top fun. The plot is cleverly written, with plenty of twists and callbacks to the larger X-Men universe, but it still feels fresh and self-contained. Fans of both characters will appreciate the way their stories intertwine while newcomers can easily jump in and enjoy the ride. The film's humor and heart ensure it's more than just another superhero flick—it's a unique cinematic experience that will leave you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little. "Deadpool and Wolverine" is a must-watch for fans of action, comedy, and characters who aren't afraid to break a few rules—or the fourth wall!
Complete and utter trash. I personally couldn’t finish this movie as it’s very cringy. The first dead pool is the only one actually worth your time watching. Cannot wait for the whole marvel universe to come to an end.
I saw a lot of people say that this movie saved marvel and while it’s better then a lot of the recent Marvel movies this movie still lacks and a lot of depth. It seems to lie too much on cameos to grab peoples attention or grab the nostalgia value of older marvel fans. The villain for being as powerful as she was felt like she wasn’t even the focal point of the movie at times, which I feel like it’s a problem for a superhero movie. I’m a believer that a movie is only as good as its villain and how that villain is portrayed on screen and I think this movie lacked in that regard. that is to say I still enjoyed this movie. It was still really funny and as long as you’re not expecting the best superhero movie in the world and you just wanna see a good action pack movie that’s funny and provides laughs and gives you surprise characters you weren’t expecting than I think this is a good movie for you. but overall, there are plenty of better marvel movies but I feel like for a Deadpool movie this was pretty good.
Deadpool vs. Wolverine is a triumphant return to what superhero movies should be—unfiltered fun, sharp humor, and thrilling action without the weight of forced agendas. This film embraces its unapologetic nature, delivering the chaos and irreverence fans crave, with a story driven by its characters rather than commentary.

The chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman is electric, with both actors perfectly embodying their iconic roles. Reynolds’ razor-sharp wit as Deadpool is as relentless as ever, while Jackman’s Wolverine brings raw intensity and gruff charm. Together, they create a dynamic blend of humor and grit that keeps audiences hooked.
One of the most uninspired and generic superhero movies I've ever watched. It was just as boring as the first two. Can't understand the buzz behind a barely mediocre storyline and a bunch of fighting we've seen a trillion times within the MCU.
100 percent recommend this
Meh.  The worst of the franchise.  Ryan Reynolds plays Ryan Reynolds in a red suit.  Hugh Jackman tries his best with a very average script.  I would pass and re-watch the first movie again.
It was fine. It doesn't live up to the hype though.
This is one of the worst Marvel movies. There are occasional laugh out loud moments, but variations of the same jokes are recycled throughout the movie. I enjoyed Jackman's Wolverine but Deadpool's endless babbling was annoying. I had to pause the movie halfway through just to get a break from him. He's Jar Jar Binks times twenty.
Smartass one-liner anyone? How about 500?
Ryan Reynolds…..You cooked easily the best action movie of 2024 and dame good job I have no words on how funny and emotional this film is good job
Is it pure Deadpool? No. Is it Pure X-Men? No. It is, however, PURE FUN. This movie is a blast, with plenty of cameo's, plenty of VERY well choreographed action, and superb dialogue. This is going to be one of those you rewatch and love!
great movie silly and funny
Deadpool and Wolverine is probably the weakest one in the trilogy, but its still great. First off, let me just say that Deadpool is the perfect amount of annoying, snarky, and irreverent, which is exactly what you need to balance out Wolverine’s classic brooding, no-nonsense attitude. These two characters are made to clash, and honestly, it’s pure magic on screen. Deadpool’s constant jabs at Wolverine’s ‘grumpy old man’ vibe had me laughing out loud the entire time.

The action scenes are absolutely insane—fast, brutal, and well-choreographed. Wolverine’s claws meet Deadpool’s endless energy, and it’s the kind of nonstop fighting that keeps you on the edge of your seat. And while some of the fight scenes are wild, they also somehow manage to have this emotional weight to them. The moments when the two actually work together (rather than just bickering) are so satisfying and make you realize how much they really need each other.

The humor? It’s classic Deadpool—ridiculous and over-the-top—but it actually works here because of the chemistry between him and Wolverine. They play off each other perfectly, and the movie doesn’t take itself too seriously, which is exactly what you want from a Deadpool flick. Wolverine, for once, gets to have some fun with the banter, and it’s honestly a breath of fresh air to see him lighten up.

Sure, it’s a little predictable, and the plot isn’t groundbreaking, but who needs that when you’re getting everything you want in a Deadpool and Wolverine film? It’s entertaining, funny, and hits all the right notes without ever overstaying its welcome.

If you’re a fan of either character, this movie will not disappoint. It’s everything you hope for and more. 9.5/10—this is the kind of movie you’ll be rewatching for years, every single time you need a good laugh or some solid action.
This film does what we wish the other Marvel movies coming out would do. I enjoy Wolverine films where he is still capable, angry, and strong-- this film was able to do that.
I mean... it was whatever. Obviously a fun watch with wolverine but it was the worst of three.
This was the best movie I’ve ever watched
Some movies do more than entertain—they uplift, inspire, and heal. They make you laugh so freely that, for a while, the weight of the world melts away. Then, as you witness their struggles, you find pieces of yourself reflected in their journey. You see them rise, endure, and ultimately win. And when the credits roll, you’re not just returning to reality—you’re stepping into it with renewed hope, a lighter heart, and a deeper appreciation for the beauty of resilience. This film is a masterpiece, crafted with care and soul. Thank you, truly, for guiding me through a dark chapter with such brilliance.
A masterpiece in the use of meta-narrative. This is a movie that needs to be seen twice. So 10/5.
Compared to peacemaker the movie feels completely pointless. Story could be AI generated. Some good puns and effects.
Not as good as the first two
Entertainment: 3/5
Marketing: 3.5/5
Writing: 3/5

For general audience: 63%
For pop culture audience: 64%
For writing-based audience: 62%

A welcomed addition to the "I cannot believe this is considered good" pile alongside Loki and WandaVision. Like Multiverse of Madness, Deadpool and Wolverine depends HEAVILY on previous good-will acquired from multiple IPs. How could Wade end his relationship with Vanessa because he is not doing enough and is not part of a team? You were asked CONSTANTLY to be part of the X-men in your previous two movies by Colossus and Negasonic! YOU EVEN CREATED YOUR OWN TEAM IN THE SECOND MOVIE AND GOT THEM BACK WITH TIME-TRAVEL. And even if he couldn't be part of a team, that was NEVER the reason Vanessa and Wade loved each other. They ADORED each other in Deadpool 1 even BEFORE Wade had powers! He got powers unwillingly because he was trying to cure his cancer. And he even defied the laws of physics to go back in time and save Vanessa in the second one. How could their relationship possibly be damaged by something like that. Deadpool managed to go to another universe at the beginning of the movie with a TIME-TRAVELING object?!?! Hello?!? And they didn't want him? So you're just going to leave an immortal mercenary out in the world not thinking that it might end up biting you in the rear in the future? Let me not even get into how having the TVA doesn't only open a can of worms but floods the entire script with them. You didn't even had to take a wolverine from another multiverse, you can just go to your current timeline and take Wolverine! Because you know what? The Logan movie STILL HASN'T HAPPENED IN DEADPOOL's CURRENT TIME. Honestly, the script is basically hanging on for dear life with paper clips and depressingly people do not see all of this or worse they ignore it. Sad installment for even Deadpool standards.
A perfect Deadpool movie. With higher stakes than the previous installments, and probably the weakest story of the trilogy, it somehow overcame that fault and was even more fun than the previous two movies. Hugh Jackman’s new Wolverine is an amazing addition, the cameos in the movie were shocking and amazing, and the very purpose of this movie being a goodbye to a universe of wonderful X-Men was stunningly beautiful. The entirety of the MCU has been brightened by Deadpool and Wolverine’s addition to the films that we have known and loved all along. A true love letter to Marvel.
I really don't know why people didn't like this movie? I thought it was great. It was funny like, and I don't really even like the meta humour that seems to be the punchline of literally every single Deadpool appearance. Could be 4 but because its a part of the failed attempt to reanimate the MCU and it has the usual failings - I shouldn't need to watch Loki to fully get a movie about Deadpool and Wolverine.
Not up to hype.
Too silly, no real story

Matthew MacFadden the only true acting
2 out of 5 
Boo!
The erotic jokes make it feels like a parody. The sexual explicit jokes overshadow each character.
It's everything you'd want out of deadpool movie except you've got wolverine in there
Deadpool and Wolverine is the best movie of the year it is a must watch with action jokes and amazing fight scenes. Ryan Reynolds’s and Hugh Hackmans role as the main characters were phenomenal. I am still speechless because this movie was so good you just have to watch it.
How can anyone like this juvenile confused garbage. Probably enough inside jokes to keep the media “elite” entertained and insulated from how unbelievable bad this is to the general public who pay the elites bills. Absolute embarrassment to all involved.
This movie was hilarious and a ton of fun. My kids had said it was "mid" but I think they just weren't old enough to catch the Easter eggs or they're dead inside. As someone who used to watch the X-Men cartoon in the 90s, the suit some was with it. Thought it was words better than Deadpool 2.
I'm over superhero movies at this point.  I barely made it to Endgame.  Reynolds' Deadpool is the only character that entertains me any more with the possible exception of Miles Morales.   Killer cameos, endless fourth wall breaks, and relatively restrained yet creative use of CGI make this worth owning.  The only bummer was the hyper-evolution of Baccarin's character into a mundane trope.
An absolute blast of a movie. There is no slow or down time with this movie. Also it stuck to the story with out pushing an agenda down our throats. This is what marvel use to be. If only they would make more movies like this one. Marvel might have A shot of returning to the top.
Second greatest movie I’ve ever seen
The action scenes are really cool, all of Deadpool's jokes are funny, and it's awesome to see Wolverine killing people in a yellow suit!!

There were no unexpected characters, and the opening scene was great, so everything was great!!

However, I thought it was terrible considering it was the third Deadpool movie and the third MCU movie so far.

Overall, I thought it was a mediocre movie with a convenient script, but I promise it's entertaining!!
Such a good funny and violent movie. That’s the best thing about it.
Just what the fans wanted.
Best marvel movie in YEARS
Abhorrent attempt by Marvel to laugh at its own failure. Not even the pathetic attempt to play on fans’ nostalgia towards old characters and the action packed scenes (if that is your thing) could save this movie from jokes that fell flat and the lack of a coherent plot. As Ryan Reynolds accurately says: the MCU is over. Move on
The action scenes were inventive, but 80% of the movie is just a wank of cameos. The lego movie was a way better cameo-based movie. Im 20 mins in to kung fu panda 4 and it's definitely a better movie. I mean, i like the actors, but i cant believe you spastics rate it so highly and it made so much money.


The superhero thing has bean beaten to death. The studios are just dragging a horse carcass around that appeals to the lowest common denominator. There are so many great books that would make fantastic movies. This is why i dont waste money going to the cinema anymore.
Childhood dream executed beautifully
The king of fourth wall breaks does not disappoint. This movie is either on par or better than the original. Cameos are gut busting hilarious. Ryan Reynolds is at the peak of his game, and Hugh Jackman finds his adamantium funny bone. The story line is ok, but the hilarity more than makes up for anything lacking.
Excellent MCU Film , loved this
Ryan is about my age and so this movie is also my movie The cameos, the one liners, the subliminal messages.....it is nothing more but an hommage/tribute/medley of a superhero orgy written in a mancave while watching Blade for the tenth time.  If a camera was pointed at my face it would show chuckles and giggles from start to end. Its edgy funny gory and a walk down memory line of characters that shaped a large part of generation. I would love to see him do something similar with the action hero genre ( basically remaster The Expandable series). Why because Ryan is me and we are Ryan.
If I was able to put 6 stars I would.
Just about watchable for the nostalgia, Jackman and the cameos. But Ryan Reynolds is just insufferable. And that's really all there is to be said.
I usually like a good marvel film or two, but this really felt painful to watch.

It's the same jokes as the last two films with none of the substance. Kind of like eating the same chocolate sweet when you're actually hungry and in need of nutrition.

Marvel really... Sucks it's own d**k during this movie. And it's not pleasant.
Best movie ever 2024 😍🩵💛💎👌
Fantastic film with all of the nostalgia you could ask for.
Deadpool is truly the saviour that will cleanse Marvel of it's hypocrisy and disgrace.
One of the best movie this year and ever in the series loved it
Loads of fun! Laughed the entire way through this film. The cameos are great and I wasn’t expecting a few of them, and the villain was fun!
Loved the movie seeing all the cameos was amazing the only problem the villain was kinda weak but still a good villain
cmb of the year!!!
Purely rated based on comedy
Fun movie, kind of mindless but entertaining.
I think I just don't 'get it' anymore. There's nothing new here, just more of the same jokes and a little stepped-up violence I guess
It tried to hard to push an plot that fell flat.  Ultimately, I'm sure they don't care since they would make money regardless.  It took a very different view on Wolverine that was almost to the film noir genre that I want it to be in, but then that was smothered by Reynolds antics.  I was entertained, but I felt hollow during and after.  In fact, I barely remember much of the plot, but remember that it was rather long.  Saw on Disney +.
Disrespectful to Christians and blasphemous!
que filme ein meus amigos, mais uma vez um acerto e tanto dessa franquia, parabéns ao Ryan e ao Hugh pela parceria, esperamos muito tempo pra ver isso nos cinemas
Not as good as I thought the Movie was going to be. Deadpool talks too much and some of the jokes aren't that funny. Wolverine was good but not great. 
Seems like they tried too hard and some parts of the movie should have been cut IMO.
Another Deadpool for Deadfools. This movie is so bad. It's beyond stupid. Walked out after 20 minutes of torture.
This movie was quite enjoyable. I like the rivalry to friendship type of perspective. It was definitely worth my money. I like deadpool and getting to see him in a duo movie with another one of my personal favourites definitely filled my expectations. Color me impressed, this movie is definitely recommended.
Stupid. There was a few funny moments. Other than that…
We made it through to 1:15 in the movie.
Just dumb. Ryan Reynolds please stop with this guy. Killed the blade franchise green lantern and i found this movie a silly movie thats a waste to the characters
Marvel fan, but not this mess.
What a disappointment! Naïve scenario without any coherence ("I have an idea let's put everything into the movie"), two main actors were acting like kids playing in the yard (I wonder why their families didn't protect them from this total m@sturbation).
A perfect love letter for the X-Men movie. Hugh Jackman did amazing job of Wolverine. The cast is for now. I think the feeling is fine but other than that, the movie is perfect for grown-ups. Deadpool is funny as always a recommend movie Go watch now
saw it 3 times i love it
Just not funny or interesting. Quickly tired of hearing Ryan Reynolds.  Hugh Jackman almost made it worth 2+ hours of my time.
I cant be the only one that is over Ryan Reynolds shtick. I wasn't impressed with the first hour because it's become annoying. Still some good funny lines here and there. Nicepool was a hilarious addition. The second hour was excellent. Toned down the irritating one liners and made a great movie out of it. The Battle of the Deadpools was so funny and well shot, very cool scene. The "misfit" heroes sequence was great as well. Wolverine/Hugh Jackman was amazing as usual. A short tribute to X-men etc... during end credits, honestly a little emotional nostalgia seeing it. Definitely watch it.
a nice goodbye to the fox marvel movies
this movie made me bust 7 times
Absolutely loved this film, not just the humour but also the cast and characters, especially Chris Evans and Dafne Keen
This movie is cinema.
Loved it! Funny and entertaining.
Just pure awesomeness.  All does cameos, just lovely. Hope to get more deadpoll from the future.
The movie is so generic and boring. The story just doesnt matter. All random cameos its just overall empty. After a few minutes it was kinda frustrating.
was a very funny movie
Hilarious and emotional 3rd installment. Deadpool and Wolverine is no doubt hilarious and doesn't force comedy into scenes that should just be emotion. The film also doesn't rely on cameos to keep it entertaining like others predicted they choose the right characters to appear at the right times unlike a film like the flash which just gets loads of old characters and throws them at you no matter what scene your in. Action is great making full use of both characters attributes and styles. Even though Cassandra nova can feel a bit out of place sometimes in a world of already established characters she still performs well in the film. Like its predecessors the soundtrack is amazing and will throw you back to some classics like Madonna's like a prayer. Also unlike the other Deadpool movies it takes a lot of time on emotion which i would say is more of a focus than the comedy in this film. All superhero movies should have opening sequences like this NSYNC's bye bye bye with great choregraphed action and dancing by Deadpool is just perfect and watching it in the cinema is a blast. Finally its great how you don't have to see the fox X-Men movies to enjoy this movie but if you have you will absolutely love this. Overall like I expected when walking into the cinema a masterclass. 9/10 4.5 stars.
Deadpool and wolverine is nothing short of a love letter to the fans, brilliantly written, acted and directed by their casting crew. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman brilliantly bring the Fox Marvel universe into the MCU in a very natural way. Sit back and relax as you watch Marvel Jesus say the MCU.
Hilarious movie! The dynamic between Wolverine and Deadpool is perfect. My only complaint is the plot is driven a little too much by exposition. Other than that, definitely recommend!
More more more, how do you like it, how do you like?
I FREAKIN LOVE IT!!!! And I don’t like MCU but this was the only multi-verse 💩 I’ll accept. Love the soundtrack, the cameos, the Walking Dead issue 1 cover wink. Love Wolverine and Deadpool together. LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok, the skinny. 
Did this movie need to happen? No. 
Was the story not actually the main premise to watch it? Yes. 
The very first MCU movie that Disney didn't completely ruin, nice.
It's a total collectible, fun, really Great dialogue, as you'd expect from anything with Ryan reynolds in it. Visuals were all great. 
I want to point out 2 things. When Marvel dropped 'The Multiverse' the small group of people who read comics= Hated It. I, Too, Hate It. 
It negates anything that did happen and makes everything that is going to happen= Meaningless. Worst move of Marvels entire Being. 
This is one of the reasons Disney MCU movies aren't of interest. 
This is also a movie were they let enough of the fun of the movie take place without constantly inserting their social agenda- which is why I stopped buying MCU movies when Disney bought them- they almost ruined End Game, just HAD to let every kind of superhero in the world have a grab at that gauntlet, didn't ya?!
Oh, also to Mr. Reynolds, the song you picked at the end of the movie is called Good Riddance. It's a kiss-off song and the chorus is meant sarcastically. I thing it being misapplied, (Coughs to the side ((Friends)))
has already taken all the irony it might have had. Anywho, this is worth buying, if for nothing other then the dialogue, watching Jackman Act, or Reynolds dispense zingers, hahaha.
Only occasionally funny. Nowhere near the first two Deadpool's. Does a huge disservice to the Logan/Wolverine character.
Nothing is sacred in this hilarious super team-up of Marvel icons.
I definitely recommend this movie if you grew up on the original Marvel movies. All the one liners landed for me as a child that grew up on these movies. Glad to see so many characters from Marvel's past. Hugh and Ryan had great chemistry. There were some slow points but mostly kept going.
It’s a really fun movie, I loved the cameos that were included in the movie. I laughed hard many times. As expected for Deadpool movies the gore is excessive imo. I just simply find that it is possible to create a film as engaging as this one without as much gut-wrenching scenes. It’s hard for me to find the appeal in the excess of violent content.
Best x men movie ever, Hugh jackman just carries the movie!
keren banget filmnya 
https://kalduikan.com/hewan/bagaimana-kucing-melihat-manusia-memahami-perspektif-mereka/
The absolute best of the series! Really hilarious, great story and and great characters! This is definitely worth a watch!
Haven't been got to use app yet
This is the real Multiverse of Madness, seriously.
i have no idea how this thing reached this high here
So bad, couldn’t get through it. Had to stop mid way. Not enjoyable in any way.
This was a very fun movie. I would recommend it if your a fan of humour, but not if you are a fan of dark or heartfelt movies. Although I loved the movie, being a huge fan of Deadpool and just comedy movies in general, I can understand the bad reviews it got. It had a seemingly non existent storyline and it completely undermined everything that happened in the movie Logan. Not to mention the fact that it has completely confused me with the timeline of the MCU and the X Men universe. If you're are a casual MCU fan you will love this movie, but if you look deeper into movies you are bound to notice the numerous flaws in Deadpool and Wolverine. The action scenes in this movie are superb and I think the Bye Bye Bye dance fight opening scene is the best in MCU history. I also think that Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman gave great performances in their roles. Overall I think that Deadpool and Wolverine is a good movie with a forgettable storyline but with an epic soundtrack, loads of humour, Easter eggs and brilliant action sequences.
It was fun to watch but I don't think it will hold up.  Once the cameos and shock jokes are over, there's not much there.  Entertaining but the story is lame as hell.  Each Deadpool got progressively worse.
Language is so bad, so much cursing
It's awful didn't laugh once pathetic acting pathetic story line well and truly disappointing not a patch on the others all they did was mash loads of crap together didn't work at all and a waste of time and money
Some people don't research the character, they don't know anything about him.And when they watch the movie,they write some stupid review about it.These type of movies are different than the others.Cuz, they're based on comicbooks.There a lot of details, eggster-eggs, references to other movies.If you don't understand and know them,then how do you even think about writing a stupid review? 
The movie is great.Comicbook geeks like myself will absolutely love it! Of course,there some minor details,but above all things,you must watch this!! 🤩🤤
Deadpool & Wolverine is obviously a great team up for the fans and the easter eggs are always appreciated. However, the whole multiverse thing is a little overdone now and needs to be used sparingly or put on ice for a while.
BEST. SONIC. MOVIE. EVER
Only recently had time to watch this movie. It's not bad, but not amazing. I enjoy Ryans humour and didn't really care that the plot was stupid( I'm not a massive marvel fan) It was entertaining and funny and a good waste of 2 hours. Would I watch it again? No
Deadpool e wolverine se tornou o melhor filme do ucm,com a volta de personagens nostálgicos,muita ação e com boas piadas e pode ser um bom futuro pra marvel nota 10
The trilogy is complete
Not bad, but not great.
I was very disappointed. Just a sort of funny movie with constant brawls and blood. Lately all Marvel movies have turned into long brawls with no one getting hurt or winning.
I’m perfectly fine with the itch this scratches. Lifelong sucker for Wolverine, so there’s that also. Triple down with some Madonna to end an epic soundtrack. That’ll do pig. That’ll do.
Funny awesome,fun and exciting
I’m not a massive Marvel fan, yet without only scattered experience of its metaverse, I was able to both enjoy and appreciate “Deadpool & Wolverine”. I’m sure there were meta references that I missed, but there were enough recognisable nods for even a casual viewer to appreciate, with references not just to things within the franchise’s cannon, but pop culture as well. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman are both charismatic main players and their team-up detracts nothing from this, making for an easy film that can easily be rewatched for repeated laughs.
This movie was hilarious, nostalgic, and entertaining from start to finish. The soundtrack is nostalgic like that of the Guardians of the Galaxy movies.  The chemistry between famous besties Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds is top notch. Spoiler alert: the cameos are memorable. The opening scene/intro is iconic and will forever go down in history as one of the best openings of a movie. It's difficult for sequels to top previous movies or originals in general, but this was the icing on the cake; The team went all out with the third Deadpool movie. Worthy of watching more than once. Thank you, Ryan, Hugh, and everyone involved for making this gem for the fans. Well done.
This film is a mixed bag, chaotic by design and execution, sometimes to its benefit, but often to its detriment. Like its predecessors, it excels in satirizing the superhero genre, taking aim at the multiverse craze dominating recent Marvel and X-Men films. However, despite its irreverent tone, it falls victim to the same pitfalls it mocks: an overly convoluted plot that demands familiarity with a daunting number of prior films and shows, and cameos that feel more like fan-service distractions than meaningful additions.

The central story of Wade and Logan offers moments of coherence and emotional weight, bolstered by the chemistry between the two leads, which is a standout element of the film. Their relationship injects the story with genuine heart and humor, elevating it above some of its shortcomings. However, the villains fall flat; one is ridiculously overpowered to the point of absurdity, while the other comes across as somewhat incompetent and unthreatening, making their conflicts feel unbalanced and less engaging.

The humor and action sequences, while energetic, sometimes feel overworked and overly familiar, echoing the formula of previous installments. These shortcomings reflect the growing signs of fatigue within the superhero genre as a whole.

That said, the film still delivers its fair share of entertainment. The action sequences are engaging, and there are a few genuinely epic superhero moments. While not all jokes land, enough do to keep the humor alive, and the film’s refusal to take itself too seriously makes it easy to sit back and enjoy the ride.

Fans of the genre and franchise will likely appreciate its self-aware antics and references, but casual viewers (or those unversed in the MCU and X-Men lore) may find themselves lost amidst the chaos. It’s an entertaining watch, but not without its share of frustrations.
Maybe I should have loved this more… but each scene seemed a bit too long to maintain my interest. But if you’re a fan of the franchise, it’s a “must see”.
Give up on anything making much since. Fun fight scenes with a lot of witty humor.  The film does take time to acknowledge how ridiculous the plot line is rather than make it better.
This movie is perfect. I loved it and was everything I expected it to be. The way they moved the X-men universe into the Marvel Universe was amazing and worked perfectly. I think it has so many emotions and great action as well. I wasn’t sure how I was gonna feel about the antagonist but it definitely worked out! You have to watch it
I don’t usually like superhero movies, but this was the funniest thing I’ve seen all year!!  Where has Deadpool been all my life?!
Fast-paced, action-packed with a highly comedic and often irreverent tone we have come to love from Deadpool. My favorite Marvel film of 2024. High re-watchability.
Świetna zabawa, jazda bez trzymanki
loved it and all the love it gave to the classics and fox movies
A very fun movie a definite must see for Deadpool lovers!!!
Was a very good movie and enjoyed every bit of it and was really fun movie and Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman did a really good job on the movie as Deadpool and Wolverine had such a good duo together with the banter and the funniest moments that are memorable (Spoiler Warning Down Below ) and love everything they did with a love letter to the previous films and other fox marvel films at the end credits.
The best Deadpool yet
It was great to see that movie, the great part is that it was greater than the other movies like Grinch these movies and more. The bad part was that something that doesn't make sense because when nice pool was supposed to regenerate but he just died and did not regenerate. by the way it was nice to see that great movie.
Loved it, Disney please more shows like this one. So much fun to watch and just entertaining.
The slow descent of the Deadpool franchise. 
The original was gritty with some humor added at times. Excellent all around.
The second film was mainly humor while trying to add some grittiness at times. It was a let down, but still left you with hope for future installments.
The third was a let down. It pressed the entire time. The humor was mostly a miss. No grittiness. It felt like a complete jump of the shark, money grab. It was hard to sit through the entire movie.
What could have been…
A very entertaining film. Hugh & Ryan are the Starsky & Hutch of SyFy. Highly recommend this movie. It’s nonstop action & full of surprises.
Amazing to a great trilogy
To be honest it was the movie we’ve encountered in the history of the marvel universe. I loved that one scene where Deadpool and Wolverine worked together to save the timeline and they think about their past memories and the ones they love and especially the pray music, I was about to cry about which makes this movie a fantastic movie ever.
The chemistry between Ryan & Hugh is perfect! ❤️💛
Deadpool, Wolverine & Madonna’s “Like A Prayer is Immaculate!
Really gutted about this one! I can see why a lot of people loved it but I’m not a massive fan of the continued improv from RR - Really sad that they would bring Blade back like this as well - Somewhat an execution of his character. Definitely some laughs to be had when watching it, just not my cup of tea!
In an eara of reboots and bringing back old characters for nostalgia purposes Deadpool and Wolverine does it best. It what it was that story was good, I just wish the whole film had gone in a different direction.
My favorite movie of the year, definitely the funniest. I can't remember the last time I had this much fun with a superhero movie. This is now one of my favorite superhero movies of all time, and one of my favorite comedy films. So much fanservice too. Although the fanservice isn't as exciting the second time, the jokes are just as funny. I watch clips from this movie on You Tube all the time and never get tired of it. This movie deserves all the hype it got and more.
Deberían regalarle a MARVEL su propia máquina para imprimir billetes, sería más fácil y OBVIO CAVILLRINE senti cositas de DEADPOOL... GRACIAS STANLEE
This movie is about as soulless as a movie can get. Less-so a love letter to Fox's Marvel, more so a corporate checklist. Jokes don't land, visuals are ugly, set design is lazy. Comes off as very desperate.
Definitely a good movie worth the watch. At the same time it's not on the same level as the past two movies for me, and relies heavily on knowledge of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and comics for the best enjoyment. It's a movie made for fans, and that it delivers for. Many jokes hit but many also fall flat in the same way that most current day Marvel Movies do. Fun movie though, partially too much praise but definitely worth a watch if you like marvel movies and comics. Especially X-Men
Multiverso, autorreferências, piadas autodepreciativas. Chato, chato, chato. Não consegui chegar ao final dessa afronta. é piada de milionário, né? Tipo Elon Musk, sabe. 'Tenho um oceano de dinheiro, então posso fazer ou dizer qualquer coisa, que vcs, idiotas, vão aplaudir'. Pelo menos não é sordidamente covarde como Pantera Negra.
A fun ride of comedy & action. Of course, since it's Deadpool, there's a lot of breaking the fourth wall and inside jokes for fans of the source material & previous films. It's ridiculous in the best way.
Deadpool and wolverine review I love action fight scenes and it’s funny but I love opening scene and *NSYNC bye-bye bye  I love storyline huge jackman came back to play wolverine and I love his storyline and made 1.338 billion dollars at box office one of my favorite movies of 2024 
5 star 
10 out 10 
100 out 100
Greatest Movie Ever 🔥🔥🔥
It doesn’t take anything seriously and makes its intentions clear: this movie is fan service, and it works.
Great movie! I laughed until my ribs hurt. It's very surreal, so you might get a little confused as to whose, who. But it's worth seeing. I highly recommend that you see this film.
This film pays tribute, not to executives wanting to flog a dead horse for oodles of cash but to the fans who appreciate old school comics and the history of the characters. It's incredibly playful, jam-packed with things you'll miss on the first viewing and shows respect to those who built the genre. I personally loved Channings Gambit, that's been a love project for him in the same way as Deadpool is for Reynolds. I wish I could watch this with my kids but this definitely retains a sold R rating so no young ones.
Sorry but recycled jokes, gags and I found it repetitive and tiresome for the first 2/3 the last 1/3 much more entertaining.
Awesome action sequences, but altogether a horrendous and boring plot. Rewatch value is low as well.
The slow descent of the Deadpool franchise. 
The original was gritty with some humor added at times. Excellent all around.
The second film was mainly humor while trying to add some grittiness at times. It was a let down, but still left you with hope for future installments.
The third was a let down. It pressed the entire time. The humor was mostly a miss. No grittiness. It felt like a complete jump of the shark, money grab. It was hard to sit through the entire movie.
What could have been…
A very entertaining film. Hugh & Ryan are the Starsky & Hutch of SyFy. Highly recommend this movie. It’s nonstop action & full of surprises.
Amazing to a great trilogy
To be honest it was the movie we’ve encountered in the history of the marvel universe. I loved that one scene where Deadpool and Wolverine worked together to save the timeline and they think about their past memories and the ones they love and especially the pray music, I was about to cry about which makes this movie a fantastic movie ever.
The chemistry between Ryan & Hugh is perfect! ❤️💛
Deadpool, Wolverine & Madonna’s “Like A Prayer is Immaculate!
Really gutted about this one! I can see why a lot of people loved it but I’m not a massive fan of the continued improv from RR - Really sad that they would bring Blade back like this as well - Somewhat an execution of his character. Definitely some laughs to be had when watching it, just not my cup of tea!
In an eara of reboots and bringing back old characters for nostalgia purposes Deadpool and Wolverine does it best. It what it was that story was good, I just wish the whole film had gone in a different direction.
My favorite movie of the year, definitely the funniest. I can't remember the last time I had this much fun with a superhero movie. This is now one of my favorite superhero movies of all time, and one of my favorite comedy films. So much fanservice too. Although the fanservice isn't as exciting the second time, the jokes are just as funny. I watch clips from this movie on You Tube all the time and never get tired of it. This movie deserves all the hype it got and more.
Deberían regalarle a MARVEL su propia máquina para imprimir billetes, sería más fácil y OBVIO CAVILLRINE senti cositas de DEADPOOL... GRACIAS STANLEE
This movie is about as soulless as a movie can get. Less-so a love letter to Fox's Marvel, more so a corporate checklist. Jokes don't land, visuals are ugly, set design is lazy. Comes off as very desperate.
Definitely a good movie worth the watch. At the same time it's not on the same level as the past two movies for me, and relies heavily on knowledge of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and comics for the best enjoyment. It's a movie made for fans, and that it delivers for. Many jokes hit but many also fall flat in the same way that most current day Marvel Movies do. Fun movie though, partially too much praise but definitely worth a watch if you like marvel movies and comics. Especially X-Men
Multiverso, autorreferências, piadas autodepreciativas. Chato, chato, chato. Não consegui chegar ao final dessa afronta. é piada de milionário, né? Tipo Elon Musk, sabe. 'Tenho um oceano de dinheiro, então posso fazer ou dizer qualquer coisa, que vcs, idiotas, vão aplaudir'. Pelo menos não é sordidamente covarde como Pantera Negra.
A fun ride of comedy & action. Of course, since it's Deadpool, there's a lot of breaking the fourth wall and inside jokes for fans of the source material & previous films. It's ridiculous in the best way.
Deadpool and wolverine review I love action fight scenes and it’s funny but I love opening scene and *NSYNC bye-bye bye  I love storyline huge jackman came back to play wolverine and I love his storyline and made 1.338 billion dollars at box office one of my favorite movies of 2024 
5 star 
10 out 10 
100 out 100
Greatest Movie Ever 🔥🔥🔥
It doesn’t take anything seriously and makes its intentions clear: this movie is fan service, and it works.
Great movie! I laughed until my ribs hurt. It's very surreal, so you might get a little confused as to whose, who. But it's worth seeing. I highly recommend that you see this film.
This film pays tribute, not to executives wanting to flog a dead horse for oodles of cash but to the fans who appreciate old school comics and the history of the characters. It's incredibly playful, jam-packed with things you'll miss on the first viewing and shows respect to those who built the genre. I personally loved Channings Gambit, that's been a love project for him in the same way as Deadpool is for Reynolds. I wish I could watch this with my kids but this definitely retains a sold R rating so no young ones.
Sorry but recycled jokes, gags and I found it repetitive and tiresome for the first 2/3 the last 1/3 much more entertaining.
Awesome action sequences, but altogether a horrendous and boring plot. Rewatch value is low as well.
It was fun and really good
I loved it. I really, really loved it. Because I've seen almost every Marvel film and TV show ever (and know of those never made, which ends up figuring into part of this film) and know almost all the pop culture references (big and obscure) streaming out of Deadpool's mouth for 2 hours.   If you don't have all that context, you'll probably still have a good time, but may wonder why so many nerds around you are suddenly laughing one moment then choking up the next. The movie is not so much a convergence into the MCU as an affectionate valedictory for the 20th Century Fox era of Marvel films. The credits even include a lovely montage of clips and behind-the-scenes footage of Fox era films that had us all "awwww"-ing and burping up member berries. Bravo.
From start to finish, this film kept me constantly entertained. The action scenes were incredible. The humor was just right.  I will always remember the running gag of “Why is Thor crying?”  Definitely a must watch.  It pays a wonderful tribute to the ending of the 20th century fox X-Men films. This film earns its R rating.
Best Marvel movie to date💯
Side-splittingly funny
Great storyline. 

More of this, please, MARVEL
Every one was nice and friendly.
Una de las películas más divertidas de Marvel Studios. Una buddy-movie donde Jackman y Reynolds están en su mejor momento. Destacan los chistes meta, referencias y demás gags que cobran vida dentro y fuera de la pantalla. ¡Un chute de alegría que necesitaba el Universo Cinematográfico de Marvel!
I must admit, I've never been the biggest fan of Deadpool. If he was in something I watched, that was fine, but I never sought Deadpool specific content. Heck, Wolverine was the reason I watched this. This is hands down the best movie I've seen this year, and top of the list for movies I've seen the past few years.

It is HILARIOUS and, plain and simple, FUN! You don't have to take it seriously or be too invested in the plot. You can watch this and relax! Aside from the humor, there were A LOT of easter eggs and nods to things that have happened before - some small, some big. I really hope this movie is the gateway to bring Wolverine back in future films.

Also, it helped bringing Dafne Keen back. She is such a hot lil feisty momma.
Deadpool/Wolverine  !!!!!!!!
Boring. Recycling of the first two movies. The meta-card is played out. Reynolds’ jokes are predictable and unfunny. Plot is weak and tiring. Great movie for a nap. Gambit is horribly cast.  Yawn. Yawn. YAWN.
It’s a parade of cameos, references, and heavy-handed jokes. It’s a good movie, entertaining, and if you’re familiar with the Marvel/Disney and Marvel/Fox universes, you’ll have a great time. Sadly, it doesn’t offer enough to be a movie worth watching more than 1-2 times. The first movie is superior in many aspects. However, this one lacks a emblematic villain, compelling protagonist motivation, and a solid reason for this story to exist.
Jackman and Reynolds together nothing else is needed. I enjoyed every bit of this movie. I wish the movie another hour longer so I can watch them a bit longer. A must watch for Deadpool and Wolverine fans.
The only reason most of us watched this was because of the xmen. Ryan renold comic stylings are so tired. She needs to stop playing characters that are basically him in real life. 😵‍💫

Highlights for me were seeing new xmen characters introduced 🤑
While not the high point for any of the characters, it's difficult not to be entertained.
fun watch but a lot more could have been done to make the story much more interesting
Good special effects, but don't bother watching unless you are familiar with MCU, etc. You'll then miss all the juvenile gratuitous violence/gore, cursing, and unfunny "humor".
Brings humor from Ryan Reynolds, still sticks to concepts in the mcu like multiverses and everything else and Hugh Jackman makes it serious throughout
The tribute to the mostly-forgotten FOX superheros brought me to the edge of tears. It has an embarrassment of riches in terms of Easter Eggs for MCU fans.  Still, an adrenaline-fueled and healing-factor enabled buddy-buddy movie is amusing in its own right.
Very disappointed. I really liked the first 2 movies. Stop with the mutliverse stuff. It's an excuse for lazy writing and fan service.
I liked the first two Deadpools better.  But this was still good.  I also Love Wolverine.  I just tend to prefer one superhero at a time I guess.  Still funny though.
DEADPOOL & WOLVERINE represents the logical endgame of the MCU's ever-expanding multiverse mush, where characters are united by lazy plot contrivance for the sole purpose of purported comic book cool. The result is painfully bad, a slimy buffet of fan service delivered with equal helpings of insult and condescension. Everything that made the first two Deadpool movies great has here been gleefully weaponized against the audience itself---fair game, I guess, if you're into that sort of thing.
This film is getting little hate now it came out 5 months ago but I love it very very suspenseful it should be an 18+ but I love this deserves 88%
It's the same movie 10 years ago. Still good.
Deadpool gets better and better, from the action to the references to the soundtrack. I don't know about the new generations but Millennials bathe in nostalgia and the R rated, unfiltered language and imagery.
F*** Yeah! PS: please don't spin Deadpool into an underbudget series.
I kind of wonder if I watched the same movie I see everyone else talking about. 

From watching the first two Deadpool movies and seeing all the hype online. I was expecting another homerun for the Merc with a mouth. 

The intro was kind of awkward with all his weird family stuff. And I thought it was all a set up for some good joke. But no. The whole plot and multiverse stuff all kind of felt pretty pointless and like a departure from the previous Deadpool movies. The beginning middle and end all kind of sucked. 

Honestly I think the only good joke was when Deadpool said all the multiverse stuff kept missing cause it couldn't be more true.
É um filme bom,porem não tem uma boa historia,mais é um filme Muito divertido!!
my cat could have written a more thoughtful plot than this, the multiverse as a plot device feels cheap and contrived.
Honestly it just wasn't that great of a movie... the first two were good but this third one was just so out of place and weird... it just didn't feel like a Deadpool movie
Absolutely beautiful & well done Marvel superhero masterpiece.   Also loved cameos of Blake Lively, Wesley  snipes (BLADE), &Jennifer Garner (ELEKTRA)
Very good movie. Wished we could have seen a little more heroes though. Felt a little different than the first two movies, but well executed. Was worried Disney would change the feel too much
Truely a great movie and a return to the cinemas, has the 2010 esque vibes and always a hoot! Cant go wrong with deadpool...
Muy entretenido y mucha accion
Very good 👍 go watch it the story and characters where amazing 9/10
Fun without trying to be a serious e complexo
The plot was hard to follow, the gore was overkill and the jokes ware repetitive. I liked 1 and 2, but Didn't like this one, turned it off halfway in.
blood, violence and acid humor, these were the ingredients that created the film Deadpool and Wolverine
Deadpool and Wolverine is the best comic book movie there are a lot of cameos in the movie like Blade Elektra X-23 Gambit Human Torch and everything and the final battle against the Deadpool corp is the best scene and the cowl I have been dying to see it in live action its so beautiful deadpool and wolverine is a great movie go see it
I am absolutely in love with this movie!
Ryan Reynolds really knows what the fans want and gives it to them, which is why this movie is so amazing. Not only do you get typical RR with the hilarious jokes and 4th wall breaks, but you get all the fan service you could ever ask for. The movie was like one long dopamine dose, just constant and pure enjoyment!
Absolutely the worst movie by Marvel.  It's should have been called,  FUCKED UP..  Because all the script is fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.  Lost respect for hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds.  The action is the same boring computer crap.  In case you didn't know, FUCK stands for fornication under carnal knowledge.   😔 sad.  Marvel is clearly in it for profits. Not quality.
I liked this movie and it was a fluent movie and I also liked the ending, but I think it could have been a little more effort, I think its connection with Marvel is insufficient and it could have been a more serious movie.
Wow. I can't believe anyone gave this movie anything over 1 star. It's terrible. I'm a big Marvel fan and pretty easy going when it comes to rating movies, but this picture? A complete mess. The script is awful, the plot, well, let's just say my 12 year old granddaughter could have done better. I realize it's supposed to be 'tongue in cheek' humor, but geez, this goes beyond that and into the realm of the ridiculous. I liked the first two Deadpools (the 2nd one was better), but this one - again, wow. I'm dumbfounded that the studio execs previewed this piece of crap and green lighted it. What were they thinking?? 

Hugh, I know you're friends with Ryan, but cmon man - you need to know when to say no.
Deadpool 3 is a hilarious and action-packed triumph, blending sharp humor, thrilling action, and surprising emotional depth. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman deliver outstanding performances, with their dynamic banter stealing the show. A perfect mix of chaos and heart, it’s a must-watch for fans and newcomers alike.
Absolutely bonkers and ridiculous fun.

One of the most entertaining superhero movies of recent years, Reynolds and Jackman exude incredible chemistry in this most audacious of buddy movies.

A very wacky story and a great supporting cast filled with so many cameos makes for a fast-paced and at times mirthful (and not overly long) adventure.

Keep an eye out for all the Easter Eggs... Babylon 5 and Stargate are some of the more leftfield gems to be found innthe background.

Not to be missed by superhero fans.
Caught up in the whirlwind of action and humor, I found myself thoroughly entertained by the dynamic duo of Deadpool and Wolverine. The chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman is electric, making every scene a joy to watch. The film expertly balances comedy and action, delivering a satirical take on the superhero genre that keeps you engaged from start to finish.

As I watched, I couldn't help but appreciate the clever writing and the way each character was given their moment to shine. The soundtrack added an extra layer of enjoyment, resonating with both younger and older audiences alike. While the beginning could have used a more memorable hook, the rest of the film more than makes up for it. 

Having seen it multiple times, I still discover new details that enhance the experience. It's a film that invites rewatching, and I can easily see myself diving back into its chaotic world again soon.
I don’t know how you don’t like this movie. I’ve watched it now close to 10 times. I’ve watched it by myself several times, with my husband a couple of times, with my dad once and with a group of adult and young adult women. To me, it has everything. Action, comedy, satire, and other things I’m not smart enough to put into words. 
Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman (Drool fest)… Speaking for myself as an elder millennial, When I watched this with a group of 18-ish year-old younger women, they had so much appreciation for the comedy, the sex appeal of the men and the soundtrack. And also, of course, the action. I could say that re-watching it several times I catch a lot more little details that make the movie make more sense. I still have a lot of questions, but I would definitely give this more than five stars if I could. I’ve probably watched the last 30 minutes of the movie 20 times already and I’ll watch it 20 times more in the next 30 days. 🙌🏼
It’s crazy how well this movie treated each and every character and the story was just 👌👍 my only con is the beginning I wish it was something special like every hero replaced with Deadpool or Deadpool vandalized the begging.
Deadpool and wolverine is the goat
I love Ryan Reynolds and I love Hugh Jackman, but this movie was so all over the place it totally lost its plot and appeal, I don’t care about the swearing, but it was pretty excessive, and as much as I appreciate Deadpool 1 and 2, Ryan Reynolds was way too ADHD for my liking.
Cool movie. Action comedy that I was happy to enjoy. Hugh Jackman, Ryan Reynolds, and a bunch of old favorites.
ter assistido esse no cinema foi uma das melhores coisas que eu já fiz, pena que eu tenho certeza que se assistisse hoje, a nota seria menor
Initially saw this in theaters- hubby wanted to see it and I was fairly interested in it as well. I would say this is a solid movie that I would re-watch a few times. 

I think what I love most it that it has Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman, who are friends in real life in this together. I think it adds a bit of extra fun that you can feel they had. 

Story line is your typical Marvel/superhero movie I feel like. Entertaining enough. Lots of humor throughout. Give it a watch!
Completely entertaining for the comic book/universe novice; and mind blowing for the aficionado.
Jam packed full of gore and guilty pleasure. Was a fun ride. Only need to see if once though.
Was this supposed to be a movie or just a long line of advertisements for past MCU movies?  Honestly, it dragged on for so long I couldn’t even figure out what the plot was supposed to be. Puts Deadpool and Deadpool 2 to shame.
How do I say this?  D&W isn't really that good of a movie in terms of story.  I don't even recall the plot that well - someone was trying to blow up the multiverse with a doomsday machine for reasons.  But that isn't really what this movie is about.  In the same way Barbie sated audiences with fluff and filler, D&W is cotton candy for old school Marvel fans (say, pre Ironman).  There are LOTS of cameos and 4th wall breaking jokes at the expense of Disney and Fox, some gratuitously violent scenes with no consequences, and a pretty good buddy team up.  Good to see Jackman's still got it.  I WOULD have given this more stars, but the storyline is pretty dumb and much of the humor probably won't date well in 20 years.
They totally didn’t care about the story for this one. It was all about cameos and one liners.
Even more hilarious than the previous movies! I want Gambit and Blade to pop up elsewhere in Marvel movies
Funny and action-packed. Not the best Deadpool movie, to be fair. Still worth it.
PERFECTION!!! Hugh Jackman you are loved.
I enjoyed watching the movie so much that my soul flew to other places. It could have been better in terms of story, but it was legendary with its magnificent scenes and wonderful characters, and there was not a scene in the movie that I was bored with or did not enjoy. Not even half a second of the movie was boring. Definitely a must watch. A quality and magnificent movie. This was one of the best movies I've ever seen
If you liked the first two Deadpool movies then you will certainly like this one as well. There are some great lines in this movie, and it was a real enjoyable watch. There are also some great cameos in this movie as well. It was a very entertaining movie.
This story is more of a chapter of Deadpool with Wolverine.

The story is thin but entertaining it raises a brow as to how Deadpool was last seen fixing time lines and gearing to have a family to being a liability in his relationship and suddenly his universe is in trouble and the only hope to save it is Wolverine.

Fans of the comics will appreciate of some super heros that make their first appearance and a strong villain to match. It is entertaining to see a duo of sheer uncompatibility to one another. The unfortunate side is the lack of these new faces that help Deadpool have a very small role in this, Deadpool friends are just background extras in this story but it's jammed with action comedy and plenty of Deadpool.
The movie was entertaining, with its good jokes and gory violence. The plot, however, was terrible. The continuation of Marvels 2 villains in one movie theme continuing, which failed just as badly as the Eternals movie. The fact that the movie ignored the remaining X-Force characters like Cable and Domino was a disappointment and a disgrace. The movie had good jokes but the plot was so bad that it gets a 1/5, but you should watch it once because to jokes are pretty spot on,
The movie is enjoyable, but the jokes, though initially original, become repetitive over time. The plot is insubstantial, but that is not the primary reason to watch the movie.
So meta and played out. What a boring disappointment.
This movie has genuinely altered my brain chemistry and how I am as a person fundamentally. I have found a love for characters that I never thought I would and I don't think this feeling is ever going away. I love this movie so much I've seen it 14 times sure it's not absolute peak cinema by all means but it is in my peasant eyes <3<3<3
Deadpool at his pooliest.
what can I say?!? This movie was awesome! It was hilarious and so entertaining. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman are such a dynamic duo and are the perfect cast for Deadpool and Wolverine.
Dreadful. Reynold's jokes are repetitive and predictable. Wolverine's character is one we've seen 1000 times, and hardly interesting. If watching middle aged men act like teenagers is your thing, maybe you'll like it. I couldn't finish the movie.
Not as entertaining as the prior movies.
This movie is absolutely awesome. From the music to the epicness, the shots, the cameo's, the jokes, the action, the intro, the conclusion, all just pure perfection. Absolute must-see. Seriously, one of the very best movies i have ever seen.
Too much chatter without the right mix of action and too few humorous scenes.
Throughly enjoyable, action packed and hilarious scenes as you would expect from Deadpool !
my bf wouldn’t shut up abt this movie😭
just.  too.  much.  fake violence
Awesome! Super funny! You’ll need to see it twice as  while laughing you miss another great joke!
Enough of the multiverse… it just makes stories irrelevant…
It's a "fun" movie, but has no coherent story, just a jumble of slop created for kids who can't keep their attention on a well built story. I wouldn't recommend giving these studios any money for these atrocities they're making. Over the years we've seen a huge decrease in the quality of movies, and it's the profit they make, just like this one, that will perpetuate easy movies with no creative writing. Just cameos and cool cgi
Got around to watching this the other day. Last super hero movie I thought was decent was Endgame. Since then it has been absolutely terrible. Like impossible to watch and maximum cringe.
Deadpool Wolverine was really good! I hate Ryan Reynolds but he is a perfect Deadpool. Hugh Jackman is also a perfect Wolverine. They are at their PEAK character arks in this movie. Finally they made a movie for THEIR audience. By doing that, they were able to create a fun movie without forcing unwanted garbage down ppls throats.
The overall story wasnt anything special and the "big bad" wasn't very good but it didn't matter. This was a Deadpool and Wolverine Adventure and it was a fun ride.

I highly recommend.
Come again? And this time in my ear!
This isn’t just the best movie of 2024, it is the best movie of all time! The action, the cameos, the jokes, it all lands perfectly. thank you marvel.
This movie is amazing I’ve watched it like four times and my favorite thing about it is the Honda odessey fight and when Deadpool says “The Honda odessey fucks hard to bad you don’t needledick” is my favorite part of the movie overall the whole movie is amazing.
Loved the interaction between both D & W. A bit too corny at times.
Entertaining and flavorful, the movie effectively captures the Deadpool theme. The addition of Wolverine adds even more excitement. After watching the film, I felt inspired to drive a Honda Odyssey.
After such an epic end to Wolverine in Logan. They bring him back for this? Hours of Ryan Reynolds being impressed with himself. The cameos seemed like clutching at straws to compensate for the lack of a plot. It’s a no.
Probably the wors't heroes' movie I ever seen.
No sense story, bad jokes, and a terrible directive work from Levy
Súper fun end epic movie
It was alright but felt it was drawn out on multiple accounts.
Good plane movie but didn’t land with me. I can see how others might disagree but the multi-verse play always turns me off and feels overplayed and a cheap storyline trick. Reynolds always gets me and this one had a few good laughs, plus the appearance of Evans was pretty great, but other than that the story fell flat. Watch it on a long plane ride though!
Me la pase genial viendo la película, sin duda todos queríamos volver a ver a wolverine en la pantalla grande, esta película te sacara muchas carcajadas, ademas de ver muchos cameos.
I love Hugh and Ryan, but this was just silly to me. Not for kids, too rough with language and blood. I would like to see them do other things other then these characters. I did like Deadpool.
Deadpool & Wolverine is pure fun and a total banger! The chemistry between these two characters is amazing - Deadpool is always funny and cheeky, and Wolverine adds that characteristic edge to the film. Action, humor, great dialogue and a ton of great moments - everything you would expect from such heroes. Plus, fans of both characters will definitely be delighted.
A great sequel like a total chaos!Full of cameos and totally a fun pleasure movie...
Some parts of the movie was entertaining. I didn't find it at all funny, didn't like the constant references to Wolverine will be making movies until he is old and grey blah, blah, blah. The numerous types of Deadpool and the constant stabbing and coming back to life was sheer tedium. Couldn't wait for the movie to end.
guys will see this and just think 'hell yeah' (i’m guys)
Simply Amazing! Deadpool & Wolverine was the crossover I never knew I actually needed!
Just a load of stabbing and terrible jokes
I had a good time watching this. The action scenes were really good and well made. I just couldn’t really get into the story but I enjoyed watching this. If you’ve watched the other Deadpool films then I recommend this.
Hilarious, moving, and equal parts fun and thrilling
GREAT MOVIE!! GREAT STORY!! WE NEED A DEADPOOL 4!!!
This is a fun movie to watch. Similar to the other Deadpool movies.
If you know nothing about Deadpool please  watch the previous ones or you will be disappointed.  But for those that know of Deadpool you will definitely get the puns and laugh really hard.
What the fuck, this really hit, Deadpool will always remain to be Deadpool that guy is always funny
A fantastic celebration of the X-Men that any superhero fan must see!
Will always watch again
"Deadpool & Wolverine: The Legendary Clash of Superheroes Who Are Both Foes and Friends"

In the dazzling galaxy of superhero movies, Deadpool and Wolverine, two characters with distinct personalities and great charm, have always been surrounded by numerous fans. When their storylines intersect and collide, it's like the convergence of two dazzling stars, bursting out with unique and magnificent light. And the related films have also brought the audience a visual feast full of surprises, action, and deep emotions intertwined.

In terms of character creation, Deadpool stands out with his humorous and witty style of breaking the fourth wall, nonsensical rants, and a super-strong sense of self-awareness. Dressed in his iconic red suit, he is truly excellent at talking a lot. Whether facing enemies or being in a difficult situation, he can make the audience burst into laughter with a series of witty taunts and self-mockery. This unique character setting makes him unique among many serious and proper superheroes. He seems like a vivid soul that jumps directly out of the comic world, carrying a profound insight into the absurdity of the world and an unrestrained attitude. Wolverine, on the other hand, is the embodiment of toughness, loneliness, and strength. His indestructible Adamantium skeleton, paired with a pair of retractable sharp claws, along with his weathered and cold face, shows his perseverance after countless battles and hardships. His inner world is complex and profound. The painful memories of the past always haunt him, yet he still moves forward firmly on the path of protection and justice. When the two meet, Deadpool's noisiness and Wolverine's silence form a sharp contrast, just like a wonderful symphony of noise and calmness. Their interactions are full of tension. Deadpool's occasional taunts try to break through Wolverine's icy exterior, and Wolverine has a love-hate relationship with Deadpool's antics. This complex and interesting relationship adds countless hilarious and thought-provoking plots to the film.

In terms of the plot, the film skillfully weaves the stories of the two together. It often starts with exciting and intense action scenes. Deadpool engages in fierce battles with enemies in a hail of bullets, and his flexible movements and various exaggerated fighting styles are dizzying. Wolverine's fighting style is more steady and fierce. Every time he extends his claws, there is a sound of cutting through the wind and a deadly force. In the intervals between the action scenes, the plot delves deeper into their inner worlds and past experiences. For example, Wolverine's pursuit of his own origin and his painful struggle with the harm he has caused in the past, while Deadpool constantly wanders between loss and gain, his longing for love and his exploration of the meaning of his own existence. The interspersion of these plots makes the film not just a simple farce of superheroes fighting each other, but gives it emotional depth and ideological thickness. The development of the story is full of twists and turns. Sometimes the two join hands to fight against powerful enemies, trusting and supporting each other in the battle, and sometimes they have conflicts due to differences in ideas. This relationship of being both foes and friends keeps the audience highly tense and attentive, eagerly wanting to know what their fates will be next.

When it comes to the exploration of themes, the film goes far beyond the superficial presentation of heroism. It delves deeply into themes such as humanity, redemption, and self-awareness. After experiencing various hardships, Deadpool tries to find his true self. His humor and madness are, to some extent, a disguise for his inner vulnerability and confusion. Wolverine has been constantly struggling with his wild nature and past sins, striving to move forward on the path of redemption. Their stories make the audience think that even with superpowers, one still cannot escape the inner dilemmas and weaknesses of human nature. Meanwhile, the film also shows the power of friendship and trust through their experiences. Although the two have very different personalities, they can always rely on each other at critical moments. This emotional bond that transcends ordinary relationships is especially precious in the world of superheroes.

In terms of audio-visual effects, the film is undoubtedly a shocking sensory carnival. In the intense battle scenes, the special effects are used just right. Deadpool's teleportation, Wolverine's claw attacks, and various explosion and destruction effects are all presented extremely realistically, making the audience feel as if they are on the scene and experiencing the passion and cruelty of the battle. The soundtrack is also excellent. The inspiring melody plays during the battle, instantly igniting the audience's passion and making their heartbeats accelerate in sync with the rhythm of the film. In the emotionally delicate moments, the soothing music flows quietly, highlighting the complex emotions in the characters' hearts and enhancing the audience's emotional resonance. The color tones and compositions of the pictures are also carefully designed. Dark tones are often used to show the tense and 压抑 atmosphere or the characters' inner pain and struggle, while bright colors shine in the brief moments of joy or hope, forming a sharp contrast and further strengthening the film's emotional expression and narrative rhythm.

Of course, the film is not perfect. In terms of the coherence of the plot, sometimes it may seem a bit stiff because of the excessive accumulation of funny points and action scenes, and the transitions of some plots are not natural and smooth enough, which may make the audience feel a bit distracted during the viewing process. And in terms of the in-depth exploration of characters, although it has been involved to some extent, for some die-hard fans or audiences who have higher requirements for in-depth plots, it may still seem not deep and thorough enough. The inner transformations of some characters are a bit hasty and lack more delicate and in-depth portrayals.

However, overall, the films starring Deadpool and Wolverine have occupied a place in the vast ocean of superhero movies with their unique character charm, wonderful plot arrangements, profound theme explorations, and excellent audio-visual effects. They not only meet the fans' expectations for the interaction of these two characters on the screen but also open up new directions for the narrative and theme exploration of superhero movies, allowing the audience to have deeper thoughts and insights on topics such as humanity, friendship, and self-redemption while enjoying entertainment. Whether it's Deadpool's hilarious witticisms or Wolverine's tough and lonely back figure, they will all become indelible classic images and memories in the history of superhero movies, continuously attracting the audience to enter their legendary world again and again.
I usually use these two sites for more free movies and short dramas.If you have a better website, please recommend it to me. Thank you
https://omnishort.com/？utm_source=rottentomatoes
https://nightgod.tv/？utm_source=rottentomatoes
You HAVE to see this.
The plot is wrote very well through and through with amazing jokes and the ending is just 100%
To be completley honest, I knew nothing of X-men going into this except the other deadpool movies, BUT MY GOD DID THIS INTRODUCE ME. This is the best movie of the year 100%! The humor and acting was impeccable, As well as all the cameos and references. This is what a non introductory super hero movie should be!
A love letter to a fans of Fox marvel movies
"Deadpool and Wolverine is a thrilling and hilarious romp that successfully blends action, humor, and character dynamics in ways that fans have been eagerly anticipating. Ryan Reynolds shines once again as Deadpool, effortlessly delivering witty one-liners and fourth-wall-breaking humor that keeps the audience laughing throughout. Hugh Jackman returns as Wolverine, bringing his iconic portrayal to new heights, and the chemistry between the two characters is electric.

The film manages to strike a balance between its irreverent tone and heartfelt moments, exploring themes of friendship and redemption while delivering adrenaline-pumping action sequences. The visuals are stunning, and the fight choreography is top-notch, making for a feast for the eyes.

While the storyline isn't groundbreaking, it’s engaging enough to keep viewers hooked. The film leans into its comedic roots while still respecting the characters' histories, which will please long-time fans. Overall, "Deadpool and Wolverine" is a must-watch for superhero enthusiasts, providing plenty of laughs and thrills that make it worth every minute!!
some may call it fan service, but this film delivered in every aspect i wanted. loses half a star for the pauses after a joke.
My parents let me watch this and pulled me out 10 minutes in. Those 10 minutes were all I needed for this 4.5 star.
"Deadpool and Wolverine" is a wild and action-packed adventure that brings together two of the most iconic and beloved characters in the X-Men universe. The film immediately grabs the audience's attention with its signature blend of humor, over-the-top violence, and self-awareness.
Deadpool's irreverent and wisecracking personality clashes and complements Wolverine's brooding and tough demeanor, creating a dynamic and entertaining on-screen duo. The chemistry between the two characters is palpable, and their banter and interactions are a constant source of laughter and enjoyment.
The action sequences are top-notch, with exhilarating fight scenes and spectacular special effects. The movie doesn't shy away from showing the brutal nature of the characters' powers and abilities, making for some truly memorable and intense moments.
https://nightgod.tv/？utm_source=rottentomatoes
https://omnishort.com/？utm_source=rottentomatoes
The tribute part was kinda weird but it was fun overall.
It was cute. Didn’t hate it. Entertaining.
Hugh Jackman finally gets to wear the classic suit as he portrays his best version of Wolverine yet and Ryan Reynolds returns as the Merc with the Mouth.
Let’s be honest: Deadpool is like that one friend who’s hilarious at first but quickly overstays their welcome. Sure, it’s unique and self-aware—breaking the fourth wall like a Kool-Aid Man in spandex—but invincible heroes don’t exactly keep you on the edge of your seat. No stakes, no tension, just a series of jokes running on caffeine and chaos.

The speed? Yeah, it’s like ADHD on Red Bull. The jokes don't land before another one takes off. And throwback music as a punchline? It’s like dad jokes at Thanksgiving—funny the first time, cringy by dessert.

Bottom line: it’s loud, chaotic, and fun for one watch. But would I recommend it? Meh. You’ll laugh, forget it a week later, and never think about it again. Kind of like my Hinge dates.
absolute must see! It was as you’d expect from a Deadpool movie - foul mouthed friend banter with some 4th wall twists. It was a lot of fun for any Marvel fan!
Love deapool, I wanted to like this so bad, it was incredibly disappointing, couldn’t even force myself to care halfway through and walked out. Good moments but that’s not enough for almost 130minutes run time, painful.
Great for the kids. Jk lol
There were so many funny and hilarious scenes and fights in this movie. But like many people are saying the storyline for these two iconic characters was just off for me. It isn’t a bad movie, but I probably wouldn’t watch it again.
Way too many fan boys writing reviews. This movie was horrible.  Boring with no discernible plot, combined with a horrible storyline. I am the first to admit that each Deadpool movie has become progressively worse but this one skipped like 6 chapters, it is THAT bad.  Ignore the paid people & the fan boys who will say anything Marvel is great; this movie completely sucks and has now ruined the Deadpool series.
must see! hilarious!!
I mean how can you not love this movie. It was great.
Une horreur.
Fan de deadpool, j'ai détesté.
On fait croire au second degré pour encore plus tomber bas.
Autant des les 2 premiers oppus il y avait une certaine retenue sur les massacres... autan là je pense que l'on peut regarder massacre à la tronçonneuse et y voir un film pour enfant tellement DP3 est violent et je ne parle que de cocaine et de sodomie... naze.. le role de wolverine se résume à "fait pas chier"  les roles féminin sont à la hauteur de chaussettes.. Cassandra est chauve car son frère est chauve (sans qu'il y ait un rapport en fait) Vanessa est donc fan de sodomie alors qu'elle voulait des bébés... Bref on se regarde le nombril, (capitaine américa qui ne fait que juré.. et pour cause ...) mais en fait c'est la même saucisse que les autres films marvel : des Dragons Ball / Goldorak / Pat patrouille... un petit ticket de métro pour l'objectif du film (la fin est volé à Loki) Bref comme dirait Bart en regardant un pokémon... "mais comment font ils pour avoir autant de saison. "
Much better than the recent Marvel movies. Could be better for sure with the storytelling. I start to have faith with Marvel a little more after this.
Hard to say but I enjoyed this more than the 1st one.
Absolutely amazing! Will watch again!!
It was perfect. Perfect!!!
Everything, down to the last minute detail.
Tedious. Forced. Cringe worry. Sleep inducing.  Yet  another ridiculous time jumping meta verse nonsense movie.  The TVA and all uses of it should've ended with the last horrific season of Loki.  Ryan Reynolds is now so unlikeable as Deadpool that I was just praying for him to shut up after only 15 minutes in.  What's sad is that I really enjoyed the first Deadpool movie.  This franchise is now officially dead in my book.  It's a shame they killed it
Horrible and waste of time.
Deadpool wolverine is just not what I was looking for. It's more of a comedy than a superhero. It doesn't stand up to Captain America or any other rest of them. It's just a comedy. There's nothing more you can say. I don't understand what all the uproar is about. The movie is not solid to me. It must have been people just looking for something to watch
The movie is alright there is nothing in the movie that I would say is inherently bad but I do think the movie is a bit overrated with just how good it is.there is also a pretty big plot hole with the fact that the main villain can literally take control of just about anything and yet she struggles to beat deadpool and wolverine even though she easily kill’s the human torch
Very entertaining and hilarious. The perfect way add Deadpool and Wolverine to the MCU.
Loved it.  Not without its flaws, but would recommend to anyone that isn’t sensitive about profanity and a little blood.
Very amazing movie not bad at all. My favorite Marvel movie of them all. ITS A MUST WATCH.
Funny and another classic to add to the dead pool sagas.
*Deadpool and Wolverine* felt like a missed opportunity. While the idea of pairing these two iconic characters had so much potential, the execution fell short for me. The humor, which is usually Deadpool's strong point, felt forced at times and lacked the sharp wit of his solo films. Wolverine's gruff, no-nonsense demeanor didn’t blend as well as I hoped with Deadpool's over-the-top antics, and their dynamic felt more awkward than engaging. 

The plot seemed to prioritize setting up future MCU storylines over delivering a cohesive and compelling story of its own. While I appreciate the larger Marvel universe connections, it felt like the movie sacrificed its individuality to serve as a bridge for upcoming films. 

Overall, I watched it more for its contribution to the MCU storyline than for enjoyment. Unfortunately, it didn’t quite capture the magic I was hoping for.
this movie is trash. Wolverine was funnier and he's the serious one.
Entertaining and funny enough. But the plot is pretty subpar. I guess you don't necessarily watch a Deadpool movie for the plot, but it was underwhelming enough that I don't think I'll ever watch the movie again. Solid but forgetful.
More entertaining than I thought it be. Every well done
Boring, corny, TV production level.
Such a great team up!
This is why that man is blessing to the marvel universe.
Entertainment that may not be a cinematic masterpiece, but it is a FILM for comic book fans and that, not surprisingly, surpassed the 1 billion mark at the box office. We have “fifth grade” humor, brutality, homages, fights, countless special appearances, a production worthy of the heydays of Marvel Studios. Who would have thought that swearing, heartbreaking deaths, blood on screen and the purest outrage that only Deadpool & Wolverine could do would save Marvel?
Absolutely amazing! This is definitely a must see for X-Men and Deadpool fans. Even general marvel fans HAVE to see this! It's funny, but also serious at the same time. I haven't laughed at a movie like this before! Hats off to Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
I’ve seen this movie 6 times
I think it was one of the best movies I have ever seen. The characters in the movie were used very well and I both enjoyed and had fun while watching the movie. Even though the movie had its flaws, I enjoyed it immensely and I did not get bored at any second of the movie. The ending was of very high quality and very beautiful.
It was just fine, fun R rated superhero movie.. there was a ton of jokes, sometimes too much. I dont get how it was rated 94% on  here but its worth a watch for sure. Enjoyable but ultimately nothing special
Good funny and it has great character development
Cast and story were terrific. Another movie I will watch every Christmas season.
You need to know the back story to get all of the jokes  but for this Deadpool fan, it's a laugh fest and continues to be my favorite Marvel property. If you liked the last two movies, you're not going to be disappointed.
Amazing!! Deadpool for president!
Without story line, not making any sense, endless gory Without reason. Why do wolverine and Deadpool  fight nearly endlessly ????
If I was a film critic I would have to pick holes in some of the plot. Some of the dialogue. How it fits in with the MCU etc etc. I am NOT a film critic.

But I enjoyed this movie so much that it negates absolutely any criticism I could possibly have had with any aspect of this movie because IT WAS AMAZING!
The opening fight scene featuring N-Sync was enough to cement this film as one of the best movie experiences I have had for a very very long time. 

Long Live Ryan Reynolds. You are absolved of the sins of Blade Trinity and Green Lantern.
What a bunch of garbage!  No plot to speak of.  Constant obscure references to other Marvel movies and characters.  Infantile humor that takes the form of nonstop obscenities and sexual innuendo.   I'm SO GLAD I didn't spend good money to watch this crap at a movie theater.
Not impressed. It seems like the writers all sat at a table and wrote down every decent one liners they have ever heard - picked out the ones they liked best - and then added an F-bomb at the end of it, strained to make it funny, and cobbled it together to make a movie plot. Total overuse of the 4th dimension as a filler for when the one liners didn’t work. So much rehashed physical humor to the point of boredom. I lost interest after about 30 minutes and used the movie as background noise while doing tasks around the house.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen, I have no idea why it made a billion dollars, no plot the whole movie is confusing.
Mhmmmhmhmmhmmmh NICE
It's 25 minutes of plot wrapped around skits. Fun but not as good as some MCU movies
I had a super fun time watching this I loved the movies and cameos so much! I think this is a must watch for marvel/x men fans.
Always entertaining, but I was honestly expecting more from this. Not a waste of time, but a bit disappointing.
It is what it was supposed to be, a comedic romp that doesn't take itself too seriously with plenty of general humour and more specialist jokes, plus little gems that nod to other films or comics.
It's genuinely funny, with some parts that make you gasp.
The cameos are wonderful, but Deadpool is definitely the star of this movie.
I know lots of people loved it but I found it really boring. Poor story line and just generally not funny. Very over-hyped!
Yet another tired, disjointed- mess of a film.
I'll start with the good: Emma Corrin was a brilliant casting choice. Her performance as Xavier's sister is outstanding and she looks like a female version of James McAvoy. Also, the climax with Madonna's "Like a Prayer" and the flashbacks was great. The nostalgic pandering is pretty well-done, for the most part.

The bad: everything else about this movie is BULLS**T. Characters know things that they shouldn't know and do things for no reason except that the plot needs them to happen. Everything about timecops and anchor beings is artificial contrived nonsense. Much of the plot only exists as mortar connecting a bunch of tedious action scenes that have no stakes or consequences, fought between characters who have no reason to fight each other. The writers forgot that, although the COMIC Juggernaut's helmet can block telepathy, the LAST STAND Juggernaut's helmet only keeps his face pretty. The treatment of matter and antimatter as if they're positive and negative wires in a circuit is complete BS. The heroes have the worst case of "plot armor" I've ever seen.

The 20th Century Fox multiverse deserved a better send-off than this.
Great movie. started a little slow for me but midway through and the final act are where it shines.
it was good and funny the action was good but short Ryan Reynolds is a daddy
Trumpian Super Bloodbath

Was it funny? Like cancer. Did it have a plot? It did the Trumpian weave- in other words, meaningless crap. Was it exciting? Like a WWF wrestling match between the corpse of Hulk Hogan and Sly Stallone..

How this celluloid shite ever got made - watched - and received accolades, is totally beyond me. It is the film of the Idiocracy that popular culture has descended into.

Unbelievable and not in a good way......
Excellent comeback for Marvel Universe.I mean HUGH JACKMAN İS BACK our best character,Wolverine
The irreverent wit of Deadpool and stern like adamantium mood of Wolverine is the perfect chemistry to drag the MCU back to the spotlight.
Funny at times, but the story was lacking and seemed pointless in the end.
Insane movie that brings many people from previous movies, and extremely funny. I think that it's not suitable for younger audience for sexual jokes, blood, and foul language. Still, I loved it a lot. 5/5!!
Started well, lots of hi-jinx and laughs in every scene. The fight scenes were really fun, primarily as neither character has a fear of death. The cameos are great and add value. Ryan Reynolds is a genuine star and Hugh Jackman is equally on fire. A good movie, especially when so few movies are being made with irreverence and audience enjoyment in mind. More fun movies please.
i like the first 2 deadpool movies and the wolverine movies. but this one i hated... this movie was just plain stupid and turned it off half way. I couldn't take watching it anymore
Utter perfection, and so many Easter eggs
Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds reprising their iconic roles as Wolverine and Deadpool in a all over the place, action packed, gory, hilarious, full of 4th wall breaks, full of surprise cameos, and some emotional bits, cinematic greatness!
Lame.  Overuse of the fourth wall gimmick. Seems like they are begging the audience to like them. Wolverine should have stayed dead.
I absolutely love Deadpool and the previous two movies. Ryan Reynolds absolutely hits all of his marks. This one...well, I think we are diving into the multiverse across all of the MCUs, it's getting old.  Not my favorite pick of all three.  Deadpool and the Wolverine do make a great team even though it seemed that opposites attract.  

The bottom line is that I think it was a bit wishy-washy and all over the place, and although you cannot beat the original characters, everyone is getting noticeably old. 

The action scenes were fun, gory and entertaining, but then there were those that were a bit over the top, like the Deadpools across the multiverse. (Minus MaryPoopins)

All and all, good movie.  I was disappointed I didn't get to see it on the big screen.  Now, I'm glad I saved my money.
It was so funny.  a banger.
Awesome movie!
Nice dance!
Need more cameos!
Hilarious and better than the first two films.
Good I really didn’t like the camera shaken when they fight but pretty much, it’s good
This film is chocked full of cameos, laughs and good fight scenes personal opinion best Deadpool yet.
One of most crass and profane movies I’ve ever seen.  So much sexual jokes and perversions in any Disney/Marvel movies to date.  I would not let any child near viewing this foolish attempt at a superhero movie.
Convoluted plot.  Scenery chewing acting by much of the supporting cast (and not in a good, fun, campy way, in a bad annoying "I'm just here for the paycheck way").  Look: I enjoy a good superhero movie, I really don't see what all fuss is about with this one.  Baffled how it could make as much money as it did.
As others have written, really sick of the TVA and the multiverse. It's overdone, overplayed and tired. Kinda clever to see all of the Wolverines in their timelines, but meh. And the stupid gore for no reason. Gratuitous fight scene ? I made it through about half of it and have no plan to return. Boring.
This Deadpool movie was not as good as the first two but it was hilarious and the fan service was what it should have been. The plot and main villains were just not good.
Behold the coming of Marvel Jesus! As it was foretold in the colored scrolls!
I love Deadpool and I also love Wolverine. However, this movie left me disappointed. Gore and sarcastic humor is to be expected but that all it was. The storyline was awful and I kept waiting for it to get better. It never did 😒
If you are looking for parody and a bloodbath of violence and irreverent humor, this is a great dig on the MCU and call back to Fox’s universe.

If you are looking for MCU connective tissue to the bigger metaphors, then you will come up wanting.

The story is weakest of three DP’s but it gives its target audience the adolescent release it has been seeking for decades.

A fun romp but don’t think too deeply on this one - more a warning to Marvel execs than the audience who I think is smart enough to get it.
Although I think it's overrated, it was fun! The storyline was straightforward, yet enjoyable. I like the chemistry between deadpool and Wolv. I'm so glad to see Hugh again, though!
Tries too hard to be funny. Violence is far too gratuitous. Got very bored within 20 minutes and no longer interested in watching the rest of the film.
Amazing movie for both die-hard Marvel fans and everyday movie watchers alike.
What a waste of film, salaries, acting?, and my time, I don't even remember a grin on my face😔, let alone actually laughing, as there was none to be had. Plenty of blood and gore which would be expected in a Deadpool film. Dad jokes would have been funnier than the unbridled tribble in the script. If I had paid to watch this in a theatre, omg I don't even want to think about the horror.
A big fan of the Deadpool movies and X-Men movies so was great to see two icons working along side each other.
The movie didn't disappoint in any way full of comedy edgy violence and a cast of characters both fun different and played well against each other that's not mentioning the cameo appearances throughout, a scene stealing Captain America Chris evans, and good to see Wesley snipes blade back, and Channing Tatum as gambit, a role he has wanted to play for a long time, let's hope marvel decide include him somewhere.
With these movies, the self knowing digs at studio presidents and at studio movies themselves, it's all part of the fun but then throw in a great performance by Hugh Jackman as wolverine, And you have just over two hours of laughs and great fun, a total blast from start to finish let's hope these two team up again as this is what marvel has needed for a while
A must see for fans of the genre and Marvel in general and a fantastic goodbye to the Fox universe. Great fun if that's what you're looking for as the dynamic is reminiscent of other films like Midnight Run as duos go. Exactly what fans were looking for in a Marvel movie since End Game.
An absolute trashfire of a movie. Boring and lazy, it's the kind of script one hopes was produced by some random AI. No amount of CGI, cameos and zingers can hide how absolutely hollow it all was. What a waste.
Still super fun, but this one felt more like a movie specifically produced to give fans what they want, as Deadpool actually asserted in the movie by breaking the fourth wall. But what fans really want does not point to a great story overall.
I enjoyed the first two but this one just didn't seem as funny. I just chuckled a few times but I wasn't laughing hard pee my pants kind of funny like the other movies... I guess if you drink perhaps it would be a good one to watch drunk?
I absolutely loved the first Deadpool movie.  The next one not so much and this one....not at all.  Why does Marvel have to use other dimensions to try making a movie interesting?  Our planet doesn't provide enough story lines?  Turned this one off half way through and I'm not sure I will finish.
A masterpiece in its own right, there are simply not enough words to describe the film.
The Deadpool & Wolverine movie is a chaotic symphony of hilarity and action—a film that feels like it was written with a sledgehammer dipped in sarcasm. Ryan Reynolds’ Deadpool and Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine share the screen in what can only be described as a comedic bloodbath, where meta-humor meets adamantium claws.

From the opening scene, the movie establishes its tone: irreverent, self-aware, and completely unhinged. Deadpool’s trademark fourth-wall-breaking humor clashes perfectly with Wolverine’s gruff, no-nonsense demeanor, creating a buddy dynamic that’s more “odd couple” than superhero team-up. Their banter alone is worth the price of admission, with Deadpool gleefully poking fun at Wolverine’s brooding personality while Logan begrudgingly tolerates the mercenary’s antics.

The action sequences are a masterclass in R-rated mayhem, blending Wolverine’s brutal fighting style with Deadpool’s slapstick resilience. Watching these two fight side-by-side (or against each other, as often happens) is like watching a ballet choreographed by a lunatic—gritty, violent, and absurdly entertaining.

But it’s not all jokes and decapitations. Beneath the chaos lies a surprising layer of heart. The film explores themes of redemption, camaraderie, and the idea that even the most mismatched individuals can find common ground—usually while surrounded by explosions.

Visually, the film leans heavily into its comic book roots, with exaggerated set pieces, creative gore, and a few moments that look ripped straight from the pages of a graphic novel. The score is equally unorthodox, blending epic orchestral pieces with quirky pop hits, adding to the film’s unpredictable charm.

In short, Deadpool & Wolverine is a gloriously anarchic joyride that doesn’t take itself seriously for a second—and that’s exactly why it works. Fans of the characters will revel in the chaos, while newcomers might find themselves laughing harder than they expected. It’s not just a movie; it’s a love letter to chaos, delivered with claws and chimichangas.
Funny fun. As perfect as a live action movie that follows the marvel format can get, an amazing paced funny film with a wonderful send off to superhero legends. What can I say other than fun? That is all this film needed to be and it did passed my expectations.
Spent a while deliberating this rating. Ultimately, I thought it was a poignant farewell to the Fox Marvel films. The meta gags were much better than in Deadpool 2, and Hugh Jackman had a masterful performance. That being said, it often felt like it wasn't sure whether it was an action film or not, and often broke up emotional scenes with fights that really served no purpose at all. (What the hell was that car fight scene anyway?) Pacing was a problem, and the villains were severely underdeveloped. A lot of the gritty realism of the first two films was abandoned too, and often times it seemed like the director just added gore to compensate for it. That being said, the message was strong, the performances were good, and the story was compelling. I don't think I can *quite* justify a four star rating, but it was pretty close.
Thoroughly fun and action-packed. The leads are outstanding, and the cameos and returning supporting roles are great. The plot is thin, but if you are an X-Men fan, this movie is absolutely packed with enjoyable empty calories.
yehtxdhty5ey4aytaerjhtdykuti4yeragzdjytuywedgfdgfhj5y4wtWQT
One of marvels best since Endgame and a good comedy.

Not a film to watch with your grandparents...
Best movie of the year EASY CLAP. PERIOD.-Mr.Kermit
Not a fav, pretty boring. Wolverine saved the show.
I love the first two Deadpool movies, but this one did not land for me. Kind of boring and just not as fast/punchy funny as the others. 

Similar to some of the other lower reviews here, there is too much packed into this movie that just doesn’t flow together, and some of the scenes aren’t funny (they get old). 

Usually we are laughing and requoting Deadpool moments, not for this one.

A positive mention: good music selection.
Garbage for brain deads
Special effects are great but that doesn't make a Story. I love the Characters but I wanted some Storyline.
Awesome!!!  Hilarious!!
I hate the multiverse, but Deadpool is just too fun not to love. Jackman and Reynolds can't be beat - and the constant humor is spot on.
Terrible film. I don't know what it is that makes me loathe Deadpool so much, whether it be the constant, attention-seeking corny jokes which from anybody else would be laughed off and which made up at least 3/4 of the film, or the fact that he genuinely brings no real emotion or ruins any chance of emotion with his childish "wit".

As a huge X-men fan, I was hoping bringing the Wolverine back would be enough to save this film, but it was not. Although Hugh Jackman carried this film with his incredible acting and raw emotion, it was not enough to spare the film from losing all direction and sacrificing plotline for humour and introducing a million old characters and big names to make up for the lack of a storyline. Please Marvel, enough with trying to make every film funny. That's not saying they shouldn't have humour in but sprinkled like fairy dust, not loaded as 3/4 of the film. 

As an aside, a promising introduction for Gambit, I wish he'd have had more screentime, let's just hope he gets the standalone film he deserves!
Movie Review: Deadpool and Wolverine

Deadpool and Wolverine brings the classic wit and irreverence fans expect, with sharp humor and rapid-fire jokes. However, the film struggles with cohesion, borrowing heavily from concepts like Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and blending tropes from other franchises like Mad Max and X-Men. While the chaotic mix of genres can be entertaining, it often feels overstuffed, making the plot lose focus. The relentless barrage of crude humor—particularly the overuse of “dick stabbing” gags—crosses the line from edgy to tiresome. Despite some standout moments, the film’s potential is overshadowed by an overreliance on shock value and too many competing ideas.
Fun, exciting, uplifting …

This film is just pure fan service but in the best way possible. I would say for someone who hasn’t seen anything related to this they may find it confusing as the story alone I must admit isn’t the best. Very generic villain who didn’t have much depth or interest, but Let’s be honest we just wanted these two beloved characters on screen kicking arse which we more than got.

Go give it a go !
Not a fan of any francise but I found this movie very funny and a good watch anyway.
Comedy is so forced and feels unnatural. Even with all the cameos, the plot was flat.
This movie is SIIIIIIIICK. If you don't get it - don't watch it.
I wasn’t into this movie at all. Think maybe I just don’t find Ryan Reynolds humor to be funny.
Excellent and delightfully entertaining film.
O filme e bom, enfrentando a vila e fraca (uma das piores que já vi no UCM).
Mas a ligação entre Deadpool e Wolverine e muito boa e faz com que o filme seja muito bom, além das músicas escolhidas (fizeram o filme bem melhor).
Definitely a fun & wild ride filled with cameos & Easter eggs.
Insane, but it works. 

The first two movies were filled with campy gore, juvenile humour and plenty of 4th wall breaks, but Deadpool and Wolvering cranks it up to 11.

In a lot of ways it's fun, but sometimes it dabbles too much in the things it's lampooning. And to an already multiverse and crossover exhausted audience, it can be headache inducing. 

But to an extent that's the point, and I get that, It's supposed to be a "Hey, look at us, we can do that too!" that makes you go "Oh... this is kind of stupid."

By the end, all of it is brought home with a message about unlikely heroes and a reminder to fight for whats important to you, not for some altruistic world saving reason, but because it's what makes you happy. Which is a pretty bold message for a superhero movie. Usually, there's just some loose, pie in the sky concepts like "fighting for the little guy" or "doing what's right."

And... I like the sentiment, it's a nice one, but if we're being real. Deadpool is probably saying something more realistic.

Deadpool and Wolverine is simultaneously a love/hate letter to comic book movies past and present, and a surprisingly deep exploration of comic book movies awkward failures and dumb successes that encourages both laughs and groans.

Ultimately, it's a good movie, not great... but knows what it is and delivers for better or for worse.
Thank the good lord above I didn't spend money watching this In a theater. Deadpool 1 and 2 were strokes of genius. This film is in my top 10 worst movies of all time.
Mindless, sophomoric, monotonous, plotless, piece of garbage!
I mean, it's a meanless movie, full of bad words and blood.
It is a Deadpool movie full of too much gratuitous cursing, iffy jokes and blood and gore. Jackman does a good job for what it is worth. Deadpool is Deadpool. Did manage to watch it all. Ha Ha. The Mouse and Walt must have made in their pants to know that Disney is behind the Movie.
D&W is such a fun & wonderful time at the movies. I was smiling and laughing throughout; while also amazed at the violence & action present on screen. They still find new ways for Deadpool & Wolverine to do what they do best. Ryan Reynolds & Hugh Jackman deliver (as always) fantastic performances; Jackman brings the gravitas and Reynolds brings the laughs with a surprising amount of heart!
This wasn't a very good movie. At the writers table someone just kept yelling MORE! More music, more blood, more fight scenes more f-bombs, more jokes and only about half of it is any good. There's a good to great movie in here, but the finished product was a noisy cluttered cartoon.
Worst of the Deadpool series.  Convoluted plot lines, ridiculous super heroes (can anyone say Channing Tatum?) and definitely too long.
The best way to kill a great movie franchise is to re-make it in the multiverse.  The Time Variant Police thing is just Saturday morning cartoonish, stupid.  They made Wade's character go from bad-ass to sad and wimpy.  The cameos were pointless.  The plot was all over the place, the dialogue was lame and the ending... just ended.  All Marvel movies since Disney took over has just sucked.  I wish they would just stay in their lane and stick to creating princesses.
I need more of Hugh and Ryan movies, they're chemistry is magic... villians could of been better though
deadpool is such a good dancer he should debut under SM ent in nct or riize.

wolverine is my little kitten aawwwwwwww my murderous kitten my skronkle sugar bab nfipwqpej2ogejjgewgen
This movie was had a good amount of humor and action.  If your looking for a funny entertaining movie this is it.  You don't need to know the background of marvel to understand it but it will help.  I thought the plot was well written and the acting was amazing.  I would definitely add this to your watchlist.
There is enough good stuff here for about a 30-45 minute mini movie. Lose the stupid excuse for a plot and keep the fun stuff.
NOT A GOOD MOVIE
The most fun I've had in theaters since John Wick 2, or Avengers End Game. Its everything you could hope for, in my opinion. Top 5 of the year.
Finally I can watch a movie with out a bunch of political non-sense and be entertained.
How is it they can spend so much money on special effects, and absolutely nothing on a storyline.  Awful film.  Deadpool was right about one thing in that the mcu went downhill after end game and this film further proves it..
The weakest of the Deadpool movies thus far. While the plot is thin, the fast talking, wisecracking Ryan Reynolds is enough to make this movie entertaining. The homage to past superheroes is also a nice touch.
A entertaining ride as the duo meets up with countless cameos by a plethora of characters!!! I could watch this over and over again!!!
This is not a mcu movie. This is Ryan Reynolds' love letter to all marvel properties that have come before during the fox era. It is by far the best movie to come out of the studio since no way home and the win it so desperately needed. Ryan Reynolds understands what fans want to see and what we wanted was a nice wrap up to all intellectual properties to come before and especially the ones who were heavily mishandled. Absolute blast that paces itself very well.
I was excited to see this movie but it was disappointing. The point of the other movies is Deadpool is deep down a good person but he doesn’t behave as a typical hero. He does questionable stuff but he deep down has a good heart. This movie just makes him a chaotic character who only cares about his friends and lets his pettiness kill people. Also the whole villain plot was very disappointing and they didn’t spend enough time to care about it. I did like the ending however. My main problem was changing Deadpool’s character as it was hard to watch him do things when you know he wouldn’t in the other movies.
Bringing these two iconic characters together is like a dream come true for comic book fans, especially since Jackman had repeatedly said he was done with Wolverine after Logan. But the pull of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the chemistry between Reynolds and Jackman has clearly proven irresistible, and their dynamic on-screen is electrifying. The pairing of Deadpool’s playful, over-the-top style with Wolverine’s brutal, raw action sequences offers a mix that can appeal to fans of both characters. It WILL deliver a memorable experience.
A sugar-coated, rip-cord of a multiversal joy-ride, this fated team-up is just as glorious as one would imagine, scratching the itch at the back of our collective unconscious with it’s long takes of gratuitous gore and quick cuts of fleetingly funny quips, it’s got a surprisingly balanced narrative that truly serves as the crowning jewel on both it’s protagonists’ respective franchises.
I loved thos movie. I find Ryan Reynolds hysterical I love Hugh Jackman's wolverine bravo gentleman. Amazing movie all expectations met. Great movie. @disney please do a deadpool and wolverine movie with Andrew Garfields Spiderman. This would be amazing give all three characters there best wise ass ish live action performers. Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackmam, and Andrew Garfield would kill it ina movie real talk.
It was really disappointing. The story and script was lazy, Hugh acted like he didn’t want to be there, the jokes were hit or miss but more importantly you could tell that this movie was troubled from the start because of the contracting issues with Fox and Disney. It was more of a revenge movie from Ryan Reynolds’s and the pettiness was too much and was the main focus. Throwing in characters from other universes was fun but the plot had zero explanation. Don’t waste your own time on this one.
While the plot is bare bones once peeled back, it make up for it in fun . A great overall experience
Filthy language thru out, Worst Marvels movie yet!
Don’t get me wrong, I loved X-Men and Deadpool…. but this unfortunately, is really bad.
I absolutely enjoyed every minute of this film. Between the hilarious commentary and the bloody action it was definitely worth watching. I especially enjoyed the digs on Fox lol. It’s most definitely not kid friendly (like all Deadpool movies)
So much heart and soul went into making this the film that we the fan's wanted. I go to the cinima to be entertained, and escape for a couple of hour's and Deadpool & Wolverine deliver 100%.
Skip This One, Folks: Deadpool & Wolverine Deserve Better

The first Deadpool movie? Hilarious, fresh, and packed with so much attitude it practically high-fived you through the screen. The second? Not as great, but still had some solid laughs. But this new one? It’s like they just gave up. Instead of giving us something clever, they decided to take a ride on the multiverse bandwagon—the laziest trend in superhero flicks right now—and let’s just say it takes us nowhere new.

Think you’re in for witty banter and clever jokes? Think again. What you get instead is a never-ending parade of cringe-worthy, unfunny gags that seem to have been written by an AI that’s 10 years out of touch. Wade’s story doesn’t move forward an inch; instead, it feels like he’s been shoved into a blender of bad CGI, lame fights, and a script that forgot comedy was supposed to be part of the deal.

I honestly fought the urge to turn it off halfway through, just out of sheer boredom. Do yourself a favor: save your time and skip this one. Deadpool deserves better, Wolverine deserves better, you deserve better.
I really really like it 😁
It's alright. Another Marvel movie. Humorous I suppose, with jokes about how Fox killed Wolverine but Disney brought him back. Apparently in the movie, Wolverine is needed to save the world so Deadpool brought one. They teamed up to defeat an evil villain lady who was trying to make all universes extinct except her own "void". 

Deadpool was broken up with his lady, and feeling purpose-less. Living in an apartment, but surrounded by nice friends. His job was also selling cars.

In the end he goes back to this life and tries to re-connect with his ex girlfriend again.
What an hilarious action superhero movie!! The two leads and all the cameo's made this movie what it is... perfect! Tim Treakle
O filme é um desastre , a história é terrível,  no filme nada faz sentido , cheios de personagem dentro do filme , é uma salada de coisas ruins , meu Deus como isso tem uma nota tão alta ?
What an amazing movie ! For nerds obsessed with marvel like me.
I haven't ever seen a Deadpool movie before, but I would always hear great things. I've got a few things to say about this movie. FIRST, if you are new to deadpool, this an't the movie for you. After 10 minutes, your lost! SECOND, the humour was often very g** and sexual - the writer would often mask this with very fast talking and/or subliminal body language. I found this uncomfortable. THIRD, they put an ugly dog in this movie. Why?! FOURTH, when all the Deadpools show up at the end of the movie, deadpools friend shows up, wearing a tight costume where you could see his private parts (his pe**s) pressing against the costume. WHY do this? One of the characters says something along the lines of: "you're looking mighty sexy in that costume". It wasnt funny at all, and quite insulting as a man to watch this. OVERALL just a very bizarre movie to watch & hope to never see it again.
The cameos are more interesting than the leads. Deadpool is a bit teenage boy mentality mode, and Wolverine is in docile mode. It's missing the underlying feeling that Deadpool is actually a good person under all his bitterness, and Wolverine is without any of the mystery or depth. There is less of the character of Deadpool is in each of the Deadpool movies, and it's becoming increasingly a parody of itself. The story arc is shallow. Deadpool being picked up not pruned for no real reason was the first "silly" point. Wolverine not essentially putting Deadpool in his place and giving us some serious and darker elements was writing fail two. But, there are some moments of joy. The proliferation of all the variants of Deadpools coming together against a force one alone could not defeat. The joining of forces with heros forgotten. It was an illustration of our need to accept help and the power of finding allies, even if they are not your type of people, but have a shared goal
The first deadpool was enjoyable, the second was also enjoyable but a little less... 
Then there is deadpool and wolverine....
The movie is carried by Hugh, all the way.
Wesley and Chris have an awesome cameo as for the rest...
Channing as Gambit???? Worst decision and where the F. does his accent come from???
Ryan, I am so done with the parts he plays. I don't find him funny anymore, more annoying to be honest.
At no point during the film did I found myself with a smile.
The story line is mildly entertaining but does open up new entries in the MCU, which is interesting.

Great graphics but that's about it.  
As far as I am concerned, this can be the last deadpool, ever.

The female deadpool however, now I would definitely pay to see Blake in that suit, my my...
Although some of the jokes can be a bit of a hit or miss at times, Deadpool and Wolverine is still a fun entry which is able to utilise its fun especially with the performances from Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman and especially with its wacky concept within the Marvel universe film franchises.
I would’ve watched this multiple times in the theater if I didn’t have to pay a babysitter. This movie is funny and nostalgic and an overall good time. The characters have such great chemistry. You can tell they put a lot of time and effort into making sure every scene is worth watching. I streamed it on Disney+ the first night it was available and caught even more jokes and Easter eggs. I think this will be one I come back to over and over
Too much of just about everything. Too much in-depth gore, too much profanity, too much vulgarity. Sometimes, less is more. There were really great opportunities to connect with the audience, but instead I in particular was over-stimulated with raunchy humor or too much stabbing. It's no wonder the franchise got dropped. This movie really makes me feel like the devil is in Disney.
Lame. Boring. Lazy writing. Embarrassing. Lackluster. Blah blah blah blah. Jackman and Reynolds should be ashamed of putting out such garbage. I would rather watch Megaforce than watch this sh.. again.
It's a little worrying to me that this movie got a 90 plus rating.  That use to  mean something.  This movie isn't bad, it actualy reminded me of the scary movie series.  Too many dumb jokes to take seriously.  I liked the first deadpool I loved Logan and a handful of the X men movies.  This movie is a solid mid not a 90 plus.
I enjoyed every moment of it.
Entertaining...not that funny..it was a stupid movie..overall 5.8/10
Absolutely hysterical, Fun, With hints of nostalgia, And heart. This absolutely exceeded expectations.
Revitalizes hope in the superhero genre! This film delivers an engaging story with a fantastic lineup of characters, blending familiar faces with exciting new ones. 10/10.
It's just shite what a waste of time
What can I say I'm completely speechless can't describe how I extremely loved the movie totally Epic hard to express my feelings ♥️😃👏🦸‍♂️💫👊🎉😍🔥🤩💯👌💯
I liked the first two Deadpool pool movies. This one wasn't very good.  A lot has changed in Wade Wilson's life since the 2nd movie.  There is almost no explanation of why things are different(ie. Cable's gone and his girlfriend is back).  There's a throw away line somewhere in the middle of the movie about using Cable's time travel to change things.
   It's very disappointing how little effort was put into the plot and story.  If you don't follow Marvel, the TVA scenes are confusing.  There's little background or explanation.
   My wife hated the movie. I had to explain to her what was happening.  Who is the villain?  Where are they?  What is the TVA?  What is that thing trying to eat them?
  The entire Multiverse saga is getting stale.  It seems like Marvel forgot how to write a script or develop plot and the multverse is used to fill the holes.
  I was hopeful that thus was going to be a good movie.  It's entertaining if you have nothing better to do.  I won't watch it again.  I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
A very bad movie, a waste of time. Bloody and without any purpose
Wonderful! Amazing! Hilarious! Well worth it to watch. You will not regret it. You'll be more laughing than anything else in the movie. It's still got everything in it which is amazing
This is hands down the best Deadpool movie. Hell it's even be the best Wolverine movie. There's a better Logan movie, but damn this is a good movie.
I was a fan of the first 2 Deadpool movies. However  in DVW the  jokes fell flat, the plot holes were messily covered up with “the multiverse”. It did have some very likable moments.  Throw Hugh Jackman, and all the rest…kinda hard to mess up.  But overall it gave all of the vibes and charm of a B rated Star Wars spin off.  What I loved most was the callbacks as a true marvel fan.   What I hated most was that it lacked cohesion - it was random in its plot and it lacked depth.  They also kept bringing up that it’s an “Disney movie now”, which no one cares.  I also hated the antagonist.  Think “guardians of the galaxy 2”.  The antagonist was a B rated actress I never heard of that had almost no relevance, acting was subpar, who got way too much screentime.  Overall it was a waste of potential, but as all marvel fans know it can be hit and miss…but still worth the experience and going over the many years of marvel memories which they did incorporate.
Yes I suppose its entertaining but let's all understand that being aware of and gently mocking the fact that you're gobbling all culture does not make everything ok in the end.
The quotes from deadpool really destroyed the immersiveness more than any film I ever watched
This without a doubt is the greatest marvel movie made in the last 6 years it had everything I was so happy & enjoyed every single moment with this one hopefully there will be more like this maybe a Deadpool and spider-man one?!
Two stars for the crazy amount of really cool cameos, the story and sets were garbage
Introduced more characters from.the Venom universe and as usual the actor delivered on his multiple personalities roles
I loved it very much 🥳🥳😁
I like Deadpool movies but this one he over did it when he keep talking about Disney over and over again
I had very high hopes for this one and was very disappointed in every way. The jokes aren’t funny 90% of the time. And the fights mostly consist of getting stabbed where the sun doesn’t shine. Which was funny for the first few minutes but got old very quickly. I could also feel my brain cells dying with every word Deadpool said. As an avid MCU fan I think I never saw a worse film. Use these 2 hours of your life for better things.
What a way to jump back with super hero movies. Hugh jackman is just amazing as the wolverines from comics
One of the best comedy of the last 10 to 15 years. I rarely laugh that much in a theatre. Acting by Reynolds and Jackman is great. The story is simple, but the meta-humour is of the roof. Great fan service with many memorable scenes.
Literally the best movie I have watched in a long flipping time! I laughed and cried so much! This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again. If you have a dry sense of humor .. well just go sit down. This movie is super flavorful and lacks no blandness!! Haha it’s a great movie! I can’t wait to see what else is to come from Marvel Studios!! They did not disappoint!!! 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼
Finally the Wolverine we've been waiting for
This movie was everything I had hoped it would be.
Having Marvel multiverse, and Deadpool's 4th wall fatigue, I expected to be bored, but pretty early on, I was pleasantly surprised.

The multiverse aspect of the script really works as tribute to the old 20th Century / Fox Marvel films of the 2000s, so watching all those characters on screen doesn't feel gimmicky. The soundtrack choices also contributed to the nostalgia feel of the movie, since most of the songs are used effectively.
These are definitely not my kind of movies, but my husband wanted to see it so I went. I was definitely better than I anticipated.
I’m not sure what the point was, or even what the story was, but it was watchable. It had too many sexual references for me, I didn’t find it funny. Neither were all the “quips” - just too much. Sloppy movie. However, if you really like Deadpool and Wolverine individually I guess you will enjoy it.
Deadpool & Wolverine is the ultimate action-packed, R-rated thrill ride that fans have been waiting for, blending Deadpool’s irreverent, fourth-wall-breaking humor with Wolverine’s gritty, no-nonsense ferocity. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman are perfectly matched, bringing their A-game to the screen with impeccable timing and chemistry that’s both hilarious and heart-pounding. Watching these two iconic characters bicker, banter, and eventually team up feels as natural as it is chaotic.

The film’s plot is fast-paced and cleverly written, balancing its trademark humor with moments of genuine emotion and tension that add unexpected depth to both characters. The unlikely partnership leads them into situations where Wolverine’s unbreakable claws and Deadpool’s quick wit (and healing factor) make them an unstoppable—and unpredictable—force. Director [Director's Name] manages to capture the essence of each hero, creating intense fight scenes and laugh-out-loud moments that showcase both their strengths and their wildly different personalities.

Visually, the movie is stunning, with well-choreographed action scenes that let Wolverine’s brutal fighting style and Deadpool’s over-the-top antics take center stage. The special effects are top-notch, and the soundtrack pulses with energy, enhancing every fight, chase, and joke. Longtime Marvel fans will appreciate the clever nods and Easter eggs sprinkled throughout, honoring the comic legacy of these two beloved characters.

In short, Deadpool & Wolverine delivers everything fans could want: explosive action, sharp humor, and a perfectly imperfect partnership. It’s a wild ride from start to finish, making it an unforgettable addition to the Marvel universe. Whether you're a fan of Deadpool's antics, Wolverine's rage, or both, this film is a must-watch.
I loved the movie! After a while we got a fun movie that really was different. Never knew how much deadpool was fun to watch after the 4th wall touches especially with comedic timing and deliverances on Mcu references. I loved Hugh Jackman in this, I think that he should be Wolverine for a longer time. Loved the cameos and I think that this sets up the future of the Mcu really well and leaves open endless possibilities and team ups!
There was no cats BUT the movie was good even tho they kinda scam us with the meows and never showed the real main character: the cat.
This movie was as vulgar, hilarious and ridiculous as I was hoping. It was the perfect Deadpool movie.
one of the best marvel films
the empty corpse of disney did a last breath.
Maybe the most satisfying comic book adaptation of all time. 

This movie made me remember what a giant nerd I am and what I love about Marvel Comics that has been relatively lacking from the MCU, it’s fun as hell and doesn’t take itself too seriously. This is a joyful movie, a love letter to all of us who have sat through all the Avengers movies.
Deadpool & Wolverine

After leaving the Marvel universe on a high with Logan, I had big expectations for this crossover, and the long-running hype only added to my curiosity. With several disappointing Marvel experiences behind me and a personal dislike of their multiverse interpretations, it’s safe to say I approached this movie with a fair amount of hesitation.

But after a long week—and encouragement from friends who said it was a fun watch—I decided to give it a shot. I was really hoping the multiverse wouldn’t come up, but who was I kidding? Marvel has become almost obsessed with it in recent films.

To be honest, though, the first act of the film was great. It was funny, it was meta, and there was actually some meaningful character development that tied the Logan and Deadpool films together. The soundtrack was on point, and this continued throughout the movie, alongside the unapologetically over-the-top violence and meta-references that shattered the fourth wall without holding back. The acting from both stars—true rockstars of our generation—paired with sharp dialogue, was also commendable, meeting my expectations for the two leads.

However, this is where my interest started to fade. Like many Marvel films before it, this one veered into the overdone and random multiverse. I did enjoy the tie-in with Loki and the TVA, and the introduction of Matthew Macfadyen, one of my favourites from Succession. But beyond that, the parade of cameos felt rushed and a bit off.

My main gripe with the multiverse concept is how it’s often used to create random realities, with little coherence or purpose. While some may say it’s imaginative and creative, I find it a bit like the stories my three-year-old tells me—entertaining for a few minutes but ultimately forgettable. And unfortunately, that's how I felt about the rest of this film.

Now, I’m not here to review my dislike of the multiverse, but it’s certainly the part I enjoyed least about the film. Aside from that, the humor is classic Deadpool—vulgar but entertaining. The cameos did surprise and have me smiling when they came up, pointing at the screem yelling.  The bromance and meta-references hit just right, and while the whole thing does get chaotic, that’s expected when there are no boundaries for the film to consider.

The middle section slows down, making the pacing feel uneven. While some jokes land well, others come off as forced or repetitive. The plot also gets tangled at times, with an overload of subplots and cameos that might leave non-Marvel fans a bit lost. Although the action scenes are skillfully executed, they occasionally overwhelm the story, making it harder to stay connected to the characters' journeys

Ultimately, the movie is a chaotic blend of gore, humor, and a plot that barely holds together. It’s entertaining, don’t get me wrong, but it’s a bit like riding a rollercoaster cobbled together from mismatched parts. I laughed, winced, and even cheered a few times, but by the end, I was left wondering if it was the story that thrilled me or just the novelty of seeing these two iconic characters back together, and honestly it did not. An entertaining film but nothing memorable, I guess the hype got to me as well as my bias on the Multiverse - Hey its Deadpool, its fun, but it all feels done before. 
6/10
Best superhero movie I’ve seen in a long time. Movies are supposed to be fun and this movie is the definition of fun.
the start and end of the show where verry interesting the middle lacked a little sparkle witch I've come to love from the other 2 Deadpool films 

also you must have watched the other 2 movies before watching this one that's not a down point but some situations where confusing for a friend i watched it with

overall the plot was funny and easy to follow with is what you want from this sort of movie i would definity recommend this movie to someone its a great watch hope they make a 4th movie
Would see it again and again
Fans will be satisfied, not much to complain about that. The dynamic between Deadpool and Wolverine is enough for a good watch.
Direção: Bom
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Bom
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Bom
Loved absolutely every second of this film.  Hilarious, action-packed, and just overall pure fun.
The action scenes were thoughtless and repetitive. The movie sucked. The best part was the “Avenger” scene at the beginning. Terrible use of Hugh Jackman and even the Blade cameo was pretty lame. Awful ending as well. Let’s lay this to rest please
I wasn't ready for this amazing ride. This movie is not less than a blessing for Marvel in nowadays. Wow how amazing it is !! I think it's a first which I would like to recommend everyone to watch in Hindi dubb it's so funny. The Wolverine and Deadpool duo is so delightful to watch. I want more such films from Marvel. Must watch.
Hilarious and mature, what more can you ask for from a Deadpool movie? But my least favorite out of the other two.
Deadpool And Wolverine

In the third Deadpool movie, Deadpool joins forces with a reluctant Wolverine to protect his universe from erasure by the Time Variance Authority.

Reviving Wolverine after the character's reverent farewell might seem like a risky, fan-service-driven move. However, this sequel finds a fun way to deliver this while being as respectful as possible.

As Deadpool officially enters the MCU, his character—complete with all his explicit humor and edginess—is fully embraced. Thankfully, he isn’t toned down to fit the typical MCU style, which makes his arrival true to form.

As with every Deadpool movie, the success rests squarely on the titular character, and Ryan Reynolds undoubtedly blazes on. Hugh Jackman also slips effortlessly into the mix, and the chemistry between the two actors is electric, fueling the film's buddy-comedy energy to perfection.

The plot isn't the tightest, isn't the most polished and plot holes exist but who cares when it's all so fun. It's pure escapist entertainment that fully delivers on its promise. The action is delicious. The dialogues are dirty, witty and packed with references— exactly what audiences want from a Deadpool movie.

The soundtrack is another element that deserves praise. From an NSYNC assisted opener to a climax blown with Madonna's Like A Prayer, the soundtrack is an overflowing treat.

Deadpool and Wolverine isn’t just a movie for MCU fans; it’s a heartfelt love letter to those who grew up with FOX’s Marvel films.

8/10
Best superhero movie in a while. It takes some of the best essence in marvel movie yet keeps some of its own core of a Deadpool movie.

Defiantly fun to watch and enjoy.
Everything I wanted from a Deadpool and Wolverine movie.
ich werde nicht mehr sagen als einfach nur, Wunderbar!!!! dieser film ist klasse und absoulut lustig. für jeden X-men fan dadraußen ein augenschmaus und ich finde es klasse wie deadpool viele fragen nebenbei beantwortet und alles mit humor rüberbringt.
ich dachte zuerst bitte nicht wieder ein empowered women villain die nur da ist wegen dem geschlecht, bis ich herausgefunden habe das sie in den comics ebenso existiert und LORE ACCURATE rübergebracht wurde. ich habe nur eine frage, WARUM HAT THOR GEWEINT????
Waited years for this match up, starts off amazing as expected, keeps you hooked throughout with some ridiculously funny scenes and the end leaves you wanting more. Super watch, Reynolds and Jackman at their best!
An instant hit. If I could give 7 stars I would. The writing was spectacular. A truly entertaining movie!
A really fun time, a Dimond of a movie and thanks to the fans we haven’t seen from Disney in a long while. Treat yourself.
People really like this movie. I enjoyed it for what it was, and I didn't feel like my money was wasted. However, I can't imagine that in thirty years this will be as well-regarded as it currently is in the public's more recent memory.
Its just Fresh and and nostalgia specially love to see hugh again just great actor
First off you must be able to accept the use of the f word from the start. No problem here. Secondly you need to be familiarized with deadpool and wolverine from other movies. Third I see alot of critics don't like it. You're a bunch of sissies, I will set you up with a copy of the movie notebook to shut your traps. Movie was great, acting and story line top notch. Recommended!
In the cinema I laughed a lot at this film - however i think a big part of it's appeal is the shock factor, which has worn off by the second watch! I think it's a must watch (but maybe only once or twice!)
the best movie EVER
Very Funny film to watch with lots of surprises! Definitely a must watch!
ahh...yes this movie is not for everyone but that make for fan service an i'm the one of it
Fans have waited DECADES for this match-up and it did NOT disappoint!!! Favorite movie of the summer!!!
Aside from the confusing plot. It's kinda good
Total integration of knowledge of The Avengers an dThe X-Men, adding the modern world, multi-verse, humor, action, fighting sequences, pop-music, etc.  Absolutely recommended watch!!!
Definitely worth watching.
Deadpool and Wolverine serves as an effective love letter to the MCU, and a reminder that the characters we love need not leave an unpleasant mark in our minds. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman offer an excellent performance in this hit film. It doesn't have the best story in the world, but it's an effective one, and it lets the audience know that we haven't been forgotten. It was fun, and it made me laugh all the way through, in addition to having some of the best fight scenes I've ever seen.
Deadpool and Wolverine is a very fun film, and even after its official departure to Disney, the essence of the character doesn't change at all. The film has everything you can expect from a deadpool film: electric action scenes, returns of classic characters, jokes, everything that the deadpool package offers. The highlight goes to the acting and the protagonist himself.
Cumple. A estas alturas en lo personal espero mucho de las películas de súper héroes y aunque esta nos regala una que otra escena bien lograda,
Cameos inmejorables y trae de vuelta personajes ya olvidados. considero que al final solo es una película más de este género y no se debería sobrevalorar.
The movie of the summer, and with good reason. This wasn't just a slam bang action fest featuring the funniest Merc with a Mouth ever, and the most well-known mutant in history this was also a love letter to 20 plus years of the Fox Marvel Universe.  From the visual references, to the in jokes, to the balls-out, in your face, laugh-til-you-drop, funny sequences sandwiched between bloody gut-punch action, this is the movie!!  It does not disappoint, and I can't wait for the home version to try to catch all the Easter eggs.
This movie has to be hands down my favorite movie of all time. I loved how everything fit in the movie perfectly, the story, the music, the acting, the drama
It’s rare to find a movie with a plot these days. This isn’t one. The story writing was terrible and it didn’t make any sense. Too many holes and over complicated stories.  Action sure, cameos eh, gore well duh, but honestly not worth a replay.
I was looking forward to this one but, alas, it was quite the disappointment.

Cumbersome and unfunny, I lost interest after the 1st hour. The Reynolds/Jackman duo should not have so unreasonably heavy and dour.
Superheroes for adults. The Deadpool series stands apart in higher quality for smart people.
I think this has become my new favorite Marvel movie. It’s full of action, comedy, and drama at just the right levels. For anyone who follows the Marvel series, it’s a solid 10 out of 10. However, in my opinion, for those who have seen few or no Marvel movies, it might not be as enjoyable. Still, I’d recommend watching it at least once.
This movie is a banger!!!!
Best thing I've seen from marvel since Spider-Man no way home or infinity war. 

Cant recommend enough.
La peor de las trilogia de deadpool, un villano conmucho potencial pero sumamente desaprovechado devido a la falta de capacidad de los escritores, termina siendo muy cliche y se siente totalmente como un fanservice
I .love. it .the greatest movie i ever seen even for an x men fan i love it the two charecters steeck toghther and funny the rude the bad and the cameos rayn reynolds the great great deadpool and huge jackman as the great great great wolverin. My favurate charectors i loved the most is
Wolverin
Deadpool
Gambit
Blade
And peter
Even the blood and the cgi were great thank you shawn levi🤩🤩
PLEASE NARVEL DONT MAKE ME WASTE ANY MORE OF MY MONEY ON CRAP MOVIES LIKE THIS!
Will laugh your tail off the entire movie
It's definitely a very goodmovie, with very  good cameos. It's just not GREAT the way Endgame was great. But to me it was one of the better 3rd movie in franchises that have 3 or more movies. Spoiler should went with the little wolverine
I thought the movie was absolutely amazing from start to finish love see it elektra, Wolverine, gambit X-23 and even Blade was funny it's just a top 10 must watch for me! ❤️🖤💛💙
Campy, gratuitously vulgar, and a lazy storyline. That being said, I knew what it would be going into it, still watched it. I wouldn't re-watch it, but sat through all of it once so gave it stars because it had something in it that kept me sitting there.
Love this movie watched it ten times and it's still funny
I'm not saying it's bad, but it's pretty much the same as the two previous ones.
Fun movie to watch but the writing was lazy and so was the plot.
I can't help it. I just love this movie. It's like it's made for me.
Honestly! Fan-fucking-tatsic!
Just wasn’t as good as the others.
PEAAAAAKKKKK CINEMA 🤌🏽
Bit late but like any other Deadpool it's got comedy and rude humour which adds on to it it wasn't the best Deadpool it's probably my 3 a bit overhiped
IN A NUTSHELL:
Deadpool and Wolverine are paired together for the first time, welcoming both of them into the Avengers’ world.  They’re both iconic characters, and the actors have fantastic chemistry together.
Real Steel and Night at the Museum are two of the most popular movies directed by Shawn Levy, in addition to this Deadpool trilogy.  Already, the film has been nominated and won various awards for their trailer and Most Anticipated Movie of 2024 from several organizations. 

THINGS I LIKED:
I’m a huge fan of both Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds.  They both act, sing, dance, do drama and comedy equally well, and know how to do compelling action.  Ryan Reynolds also gets writing credits and you can definitely feel his sense of humor and joke choices.
Wolverine/Logan has been such a beloved character for years.  Deadpool jokes around and tells Wolverine he’ll be in movies until he’s 90. Hugh Jackman had announced that he was never going to do another Wolverine movie after he filmed Logan.  So, what convinced him to come back as the popular character?  Ryan Reynolds.  Hugh Jackman just said he really wanted to have a blast with Ryan in a movie!
The film provides lots of fan service for both him and Deadpool with lots of Easter Eggs.
Tons of visual humor.  The verbal jokes fly fast and furiously.
Super fun soundtrack!
I loved the different versions of Wolverine in the multiverse.
There are some entertaining and surprising cameos.  Don’t worry…this is a spoiler-free review so I won’t say who shows up!  Just don’t look online to see the cast list because that will ruin the fun!
Deadpool breaks the 4th wall often, a technique I actually get a kick out of.
The film takes several comedic jabs at the recent Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga movie and Loki episodic series.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a fight scene in a car like this before.  (so violent & bloody)
The number of dramatic moments is surprising.
Some of the special effects are pretty cool.  Others are kind of lame.
There are a lot of action sequences.  I especially liked the one-shot take fight scene in Act 3.
Some say this is a farewell movie, but if it makes a ton of money, I doubt this is the last time we’ll see…certain things.  (I’m trying hard to make this review spoiler-free!)
Most of the movie was filmed in Norfolk, England.
The movie definitely doesn’t take itself seriously, and it openly mocks itself.  At one point, Deadpool admits to Wolverine “Welcome to the MCU.  You’re joining at a bit of a low point.”  True.
Like all Marvel movies, it has still more to enjoy during the closing credits.  For this film, we get to see clips and behind-the-scenes footage from other 20th Century Fox superhero movies.  During the movie, we see the 20th Century Fox logo mostly buried in the sand during one scene.  Ha ha

THINGS I DIDN’T LIKE:
It might be helpful to watch the movie Logan before you see this movie so you can remember what happened to Wolverine in it.  Definitely check out my movie review of that movie.  It’s also rated R and way more violent with blood than other Wolverine movies.
Marvel seems to be having a hard time thinking up plots that don’t involve the multiverse.  Deadpool even says “Can we just be done?”  A female Deadpool says, “Oh, we’re just getting started.”  Then, he continues, saying “No, no, no…with the whole Multiverse thing.  It’s not great.  It’s just been miss after miss after miss.”
Is it just me or do you think 21-year-old female villains are just dumb?  In this case, she’s also supposed to be a well-known character’s twin (no spoiler).  That seems like really lazy, nonsensical writing.  I know that she’s in comic books, but I would have loved to see a more powerful villain fighting these two incredible men.  That being said, Emma Corrin does a good job.

TIPS FOR PARENTS:    
This film is not appropriate for kids.
Bloody, gory deaths.  So many blood splatters.
TONS of violence
Super crude conversations. 
Nothing seems to be off limits.  Rumor has it that talk of cocaine was supposed to be restricted, but that seemed to only fuel the fire to insert more of that content for jokes.
Lots of profanity, including a zillion F-bombs
Talk of pleasuring one’s self
Disrespectful, non-PC jokes (If you’ve seen either of the previous Deadpool movies, you know what that means)

To see my full review, go to my Movie Review Mom YouTube channel!
The best type of action to get in a Deadpool movie also with Wolverine, also great cameos great story and great everything
Aye it was great fun! Really enjoyed the intertwined links to other story lines… hope we get to see them! The plot might of got a bit lost in all the threads, with all the great possible teasers and well history fan stuff, and the actual character storylines but all in all, it’s definitely worth a watch and all of it did have me laughing lots
Deadpool is back. And he is not taking the perfect family friendly themed disney up at all, he is what he is. Love the way movie turned, Superb.
Had high hopes for this, but in reality it was just bad. You know what you sign up for with a deadpool movie- silly jokes, action scenes and some good marvel references.  They were all in this movie, and also all in the trailers. The remainder of the film was completely nonsensical plot, boring villains and throw away cameos.  My biggest gripe was that Jackman himself just clearly didn't want to be there. For a character with his name in the actual title, he may as well have not been in it.
MARVEL IS BACK! THIS IS A BADASS RETURN TO FORM FOR THE MARVEL CINEMATIC UNIVERSE!
Good enough for Marvel fans but lacks magnetism for non genre fans. Good action and great characters make it worth a watch though.
Paper thin plot is held up by incredible actors having fun on screen. Great popcorn flick after a hard day's work. Turn off your brain sit back and enjoy Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman steal the show!
Waste of film and talent
Muy entretenida y la historia me pareció exelente, como conectaron el personaje con el UCM y al mismo tiempo trajeron de vuelta a Wolverine
Good movie fun watch the repetitive of the same joke over and over got old we get it Fox is dead and you're saving Marvel. Outside of that super good.
This was a truly awful movie. One third of the movie was Deadpool and Wolverine killing each other (and then regenerating). One third of the movie was Deadpool and Wolverine killing other bad guys. There was maybe half an hour of [bad] plot. The 'F' bomb was dropped about 200 times. The 'jokes' were ridiculous - comments about Fox, Marvel and Disney, talking about the extras on the set, snide remarks about the other characters, and just gross/gutter 'humour'. A little too Ryan Reynolds-y.
While not being mine and Dead-pool fans alike favourite film In the franchise, the gritty and raw comedic partnership between Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman is enjoyable.
One of the lesser Marvel films. Comedy was not there.
A good fun watch and nice to see a return of Jackman
Action Packed and funny!! Ryan Reynolds and Hugh did their job!
9/10. needed some polishing. overall fun and lived up to the hype.
It was funny, the best Marvel movie in awhile.. Can’t wait to see where this goes next!
Deadpool & Wolverine is one of the single greatest films in the genre! Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman COOKED! Even if you're not so deep into the lore of Fox's X-Men, the Deadpool duology, Logan and both seasons of the Loki series, you'll still be laughing so hard you gotta watch out you don't CHOKE on your popcorn (see what I did there?)! Yes, there's gonna be your average multiversal fan-service that'll have the diehards go nuts, but for the biggest part it is the heartfelt story, the jokes that have exceeded the underpants-humor of recent installments in the franchise, Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman in their roles, that's what's REALLY the power of the film As a Loki-nerd, all the extra lore added to both the TVA ánd the Void, the way it paid tribute to a controversial part of superhero filmmaking that has been part of the genre since the very start, the way Deadpool is so self-aware of the fact that he's in a fictional universe and that results in some of the best jokes, I think Marvel has a new gem in hand that people talk about for years!

After 2nd round:
I've seen it again and it still holds up! RealD 3D is not the greatest format to watch it in, but it had some really great moments! On a second watch, the first watch with spoilers, the emotional parts hit you less because you already know what's going to happen. Somehow I started to like Cassandra Nova as a villain more than after the first time. Really hope to see it again for a third round.
Muhtemelen şimdiye kadarki en kötü Deadpool filmi. İzlerken sıkılmaya başlıyorsunuz Milyonlarca dolar yatırılmış olması da cabası. Paramın ve 2 saatin bedelini ödemedi, zamanıma ve parama yazık odu
Very fun movie but ultimately just nostalgia porn
Its the funniest movie of the year, go see it, the plot is good. the comedy is the best. watch for funny
Excelente películas…. Perfectaaaa , a pesar de esa transición de Fox a Disney estuvo a la altura
Really funny love marvel go see it
I loved the Movie! the chemistry between Raynold and Jackman is pure gold!
this movie funny and excellent 👌
I always loved deapool but this movie is unacceptable. there is nothing make sense about the story of the movie. It was literally started and ended at same point. I wasn't expecting this from Marvel. kinda forces you to laugh at some point.
Fun comic book movie, with lots of fan appeal and cameos, it's a fun ride that makes you lose time.
Amazing movie the cameos were awesome
nice, good, i like it
this was easily the best Marvel movie of the past 5 or 6 years.
Many of us never thought it would or could happen, but 2024s 'Deadpool and Wolverine', proves that sometimes, dreams do come true.

SYNOPSIS: 'Deadpool is offered a place in the Marvel Cinematic Universe by the Time Variance Authority, but instead recruits a variant of Wolverine to save his universe from extinction.'

This is an excellent film. One of Marvel's best. But whether it saves the MCU overall is questionable. Things may have fallen too far and it's what comes next which will really count.

Reynolds is at his best here. It's his movie and his fingerprints run through this film. Jackman is back in his most iconic role, and clearly loves it. They lean into their characters and the fun therein as they muddle through the Marvel universe and timeline. 

For fans of the foul mouthed mercenary, this movie will deliver. A movie built on personality and nostalgia more than anything else. In reality none of the story needed to make sense.

The team at Marvel gave me what we wanted, what I needed, and quite frankly I loved it!

Stupidly fun.

9/10
Wonderful :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Absolute must-see for any comic fans. The only movie that I've really enjoyed in theatres this year (2024).

Now out on video, I am still enjoying rewatching it. So many easter eggs, I feel like I need to pause and rewind so many times to catch all of the little details.

Feels special to watch a movie that was made with passion by guys like Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Best film I have seen ever.
It was fine. Basically done with these
If you are a deadpool, xmen, or wolverine fan this movie is the best in the series. The characters are well written, and it is a lot of fun. However my only gripe is the plot feels a little silly at one point or another. But I quickly disregarded that because it is a deadpool movie. Definitely recommend.
The Best movie of this year so many funny moments better than Deadpool 2 definitely in my opinion
Just awful! Could Marvel stoop any lower.
Due to nystagmus, I don't really often read - whether it's comics, books, or other written media. I don't know all there is to know about Deadpool, Wolverine, or all the other big hit names. But Ryan was able to make a wonderful story packed into this 2hr movie, where we understood everything and didn't need super explanations. He was even able to explain who the TVA were (and I didn't watch Loki), without it feeling like a school session.

I don't know these two beyond the movies I've seen, but from this movie alone, I cried over that climax scene. I felt the pain and sadness from both characters. Throughout the entire movie it was also an epic rollercoaster. Every 5 minutes was a party. This is the first time I have ever thought to myself that a movie should be 100% Audience Score.

And I am someone who thinks the Phantom Menace is the best Star Wars movie to date.
One of the greatest films I’ve ever seen. Hugh Jackman. That’s all.
I think it brings a fresh, irreverent energy to the Marvel universe... The action sequences are well-paced.
Running through the gamut of every possible cameo of Deadpool and Wolverine (except for Daniel Radcliffe Wolverine, but I digress) was a fun time from start to finish. The elements of a buddy comedy was definitely a great choice and worked well with the chemistry between Hugh and Ryan. It's like he's part of a thrupple, but again I digress. Lots of violence, tons of gore, quips out the Yin Yang, and so much irreverent humor you'll definitely want to watch this one with Grandma. Not to mention Hugh Jackman's Abs. Seriously.
Well all I can say is it's Deadpool. if you loved it the first two movies you'll love this movie. I found the second Deadpool very repetitive not very funny and that's how I felt about this one. it just felt like a rehash of the same movie. I think you Hugh Jackman added something to the movie but not nearly as much as I had hoped. for me this was a meh movie almost bordering  bad. Very few of the jokes worked for me.
Ever since 2009 Xmen Origins: Wolverine I wanted to see more of Logan and Wade, especially with new Deadpool. This movie was so great, so many good cameos, the plot, the funny jokes, the sarcasm. I watched it in theatres knowing this will be one of the best Marvel movies, because latest movies were pretty mid, so this movie just saved marvel. Love Hugh, love Ryan. Love everything about this movie
I really enjoyed the jokes, the humor is like watching the first venom it was set at the end when venom sacrificed himself for his friend Eddie Brock to save world  but I have a feeling the part four to be continued
I can say only one thing, Marvel comeback
Great movie! I loved the 90s/ early 2000s throwbacks references, the well known breaking of the fourth wall, and the action was awesome. Would totally go see again!
Deadpool is always fun movie
Deadpool and Wolverine is certainly not the most groundbreaking film when it comes to plot. However, the characters are fantastic, the comedy hits hard at times, and the action is top notch! Deadpool and Wolverine is definitely one of the best post Endgame Marvel films in my opinion. Even if it's not perfect, I think this film will satisfy both MCU and Fox X-Men fans!
Hilarious. Ryan & Hugh have fantastic chemistry
Highly overrated horrible plot, story line, the comedy was just not it to sexual and or gross great intro scene though.
very funny. love the duo on to of all the characters they reintroduced in this movie. must see
Very entertaining even though the story is a bit wonky.
i mean; it's fantastic. we all knew it would be. the overall story is pretty "meh" but they do everything else SO good that I don't know it really mattered. so many great one-liners, the 4th wall breaks, the cameos, the nostalgia, the over-the-top action/violence, & still, there's enough room for some heart wrenching emotion. it all worked really well - it's nicely done. & the tribute during the credit roll was very nice.
Me encanta osea me ENCANTA!! Hugh Jackman y Ryan Reynolds realizaron esta cinta con verdadero corazón!! Amo ver a Logan nuevamente en la pantalla grande y mejor con el mercenario bocón!!
Ayo bro dis a huge Dub, loads of cameos X-23 makes an apperance, amazing movie, happy to see Wolverine and Deadpool in the MCU. Its a masterpeice. I wish they added Cyclops from the first Xmen movie but that’s alright, Overall: Writing 10/10, Acting: 10/10, Characters: 10/10,

Score: 10/10 would watch again.
If you like the heroes then you will like the movie. Not great but entertaining enough.
The first good release since the MCU crumbled down, Deadpool & Wolverine is precisely what Disney needed to reignite people's interest in superheroes. Despite being the weakest in the Deadpool trilogy, it amplifies everything that makes these movies fun: over-the-top violence, hilarious one-liners, and a killer soundtrack. The film opens with one of the most creative and stylized fight sequences to a song by NSYNC. It's a bold choice that only Deadpool can pull off. Another achievement is the cameos, which were a delightful surprise and served a purpose beyond shock value. Yet my favorite aspect of the film is how it breaks the fourth wall frequently, often to criticize the state of the MCU and superhero fatigue with amusing jokes. For all its favorable qualities, Deadpool & Wolverine suffered from a flimsy plot line and a predictable ending.
The best of this year
My favorite movie is back and with Wolverine to boot, it was awesome. The gore, comedy and all the cameos had my head spinning that I had to watch it twice to make sure I didn’t miss anything. My daughter the movie aficionado had no idea Blake Lively was in it until I pointed it out to her Duh 😆
I was kind of expecting Deadpool & Wolverine to be a slightly better movie going into it. I really enjoyed the first two Deadpool movies but for reasons I'm about to explain, it isn't as good as the first two. In a world where Wolverine is dead, Deadpool gets rejected when he tries to join the Avengers and has to bring back Wolverine to stop Casandra, who is an existential threat to the Multiversal timeline. Just like the first two movies, it's meant to be dirty and there are a lot of fourth wall breaks. However, it doesn't quite work as well as it did in the previous movies. Wayde repeatedly brings up the fact that the two leads are played by Jackman and Reynolds, something everyone going into this film already knows. They also make references to the MCU, even going as far as visiting Antman's corpse in one scene. The references did bother me a little, but I still enjoyed the movie very much. It was also nice to see more variants of Deadpool later in the movie even though they get killed off. The dog version of Deadpool, Dogpool was actually very sweet despite being called The World's Ugliest Dog. There were other things I liked too. The villain Casandra was scary and she had the ability to phase her hand into other peoples' heads, which Wade himself described as a "Skullfuck". Chris Evan's brief appearance was also exciting to see and I also liked at the end when both Wade and Logan destroy the Time Ripper together even though they both know it could kill them. Anyways, Deadpool & Wolverine may not be a perfect film or up to the standards of the previous Deadpool movies, but I would still recommend it to those who like the MCU and X-Men movies.
One of my favorite movies ever ...
Opening credits were good (mostly). Rest of the movie not. It felt like it was created by ai, not human mostly meta, appealing to our base human perversions.
I had a great time with this 🎬
more of the same, it seems that they only dedicate themselves to cursing, very boring
great end of the FOX universe and the Deadpool trilogy. Funny and serious, a all in all great movie.
This movie is full of long chats, swear words and gratuitous violence. Plus several things don't make sense and are there just for the sake of a week storyline.
This could be the best movie of the year. It even better than dune which is crazy to say. I never laugh so much during a movie. When Blade show up I lost it. 10 out of 10.
SO FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good MOVIE, with very good crossovers, but with unnecessary comedic moments that ruined some important parts
I collected comic books in the 80’s and 90’s. I was a kid and grew up on Marvel. While I love the characters and universe, it is not like I mindlessly gobble up all of the movies. Many of them I did not like. Many of them were made by people who obviously did not “get” the comics because the movies lacked the essence. They lacked key elements that made the comics cool. This movie 100% gets the comics. The Deadpool movies in general have been a home run in terms of someone who not only gets the comics but also gets where other movies have failed and specifically seeks to correct those mistakes. For example, the portrayal of Colosus in Deadpool 1 and the Juggernaut in Deadpool 2. They saved the best for last…Wolverine. This portrayal was so perfect. It brought joy to the kid that is still inside me. This movie has heart and it gets the comics. Any critic who gave this movie a bad review simply does not understand comic book movies in the way that I do…and that’s ok.
Been watching Hugh Jackman for years, before I knew who Ryan Reynolds was! Watching him from the first X-men movie as Wolverine in 2000 , now 24 years later still going strong as the same character, literally made me GO SEE IT in 4DX & I must say it was worth every penny
Deadpool and Wolverine together, what can I say, it was a blast. Best duos on screen in a while. Highly recommended marvel film.
La mejor película de Marvel en muchos años, excelente en muchos sentidos.
very good movie excellent cast good acting interesting plot no forced jokes or serious moments and has a very good special effects production a great movie
WORST Gambit EVER!!
This was a special experience at the Thursday previews I can’t recommend it enough once in your life for movies like this it was special
Definitely worth watching!  Actor/actress list phenomenal, but I had forgotten how over the top Deadpool movies are and this is no different.  If that’s what you love then you’d likely love this!
What makes Quentin Tarantino’s classics stand out is his ability to create cinematic masterpieces filled with the same style of intense killings and emotions—without heavily relying on green screens. In his films, the actors’ primary role is to tell the story, embodying their characters in a way that feels authentic and real.

This contrasts sharply with films like Deadpool and Wolverine, where actors become just elements inside a computer-generated landscape. Their role shifts from being storytellers to merely offering a recognizable face to sell the film, rather than being the driving force behind the narrative. That responsibility has gone to the digital effects. These movies prioritize spectacle over story, showcasing how the industry seems to be running out of creative ideas and simply recycling the same formulas. It feels like the film industry is becoming one of the first casualties of this new era driven by artificial intelligence.
Deadpool and wolverine was a good and it was very funny movie and the best intro in all the marvel movies
Ryan Reynolds has done it again. The return of hugh Jackman is the piece to end the deadpool trilogy!
Fun night at the cinema! Ryan made the reunion worth every penny bringing Huge back as Wolverine. The comedy and action were well mixed the only draw back was the villains or lack there of.
While it's not the pinnacle of Deadpool movies, it's certainly not bad. There was a bit too much fan-service for my taste, but hey! It's a Deadpool movie, it's part of the joke.
Good movie to watch with family or friends, it’s funny, surprisingly not as gory as I thought I would be but really good movie, solid 8/10
This was hands down one of the best action filmsI’ve seen my entire life. I was laughing from start to finish, completely entertained,  hungry for more, and oh so turned on by the stars - go Deadpool.!!!
Multiverse story is still enjoyable. I enjoy every moment from Deadpool and Wolverine.
Full throttle action and comedy
Incredible! Best summer blockbuster since Top Gun Maverick!
There were tons of Easter eggs and references to other Marvel movies & TV shows in the movie, so you definitely need to have watched them beforehand to get the full understanding and appreciation for it. There's lots of action, violence, and profanity, which should be expected of a Deadpool and a Wolverine movie. The only complaint we have has to do with the AMC IMAX theater we went to and that is that the seats didn't recline at all.
Don't listen to the critics, they don't understand marvel fans. this right here is absolute cinema.
Story is good, could've used better CGI and the Deadpool multiverse is a snooze fest. Ending is questionable
a honest review
out of 5 stars

the storyline- 3 stars
cameos-5 stars
pacing of flick-4 stars
deadpool character- 3.75 stars
wolverine character- 4.5 stars
the villain- 3.75 stars
comedy element compared to other deadpoll flicks-3.5
the 1 v 1 fights of deadpool and Wolv  - 5 stars
the car fight- 5 stars
the deadppol corps massacre- 10 stars
wolverine couldnt stab enough lol, awesome scene
the finale-4 stars
Great perfect, down to the last minute of it perfect.
Lacked confidence for anything new and for how much they could've done with this source material it felt hollow. The few laughs I had watching this were not worth all the word garbage I had to sift through first.
I love the relationship between Deadpoold and Wolverine, very entertaining movie. 

ryan reynolds is hot
Really fun watch, the jokes and references have upgraded now that Deadpool is apart of the MCU.
love it, Reynolds did a great job
As a fan of Wade Wilson long before the cinematic debut, I found several comic specific references both surprising and fitting for the direction of the character.

While many reviewers and critics may feel this movie has failed to reach lofty expectations, as a comic book reader, fan, and enthusiast, I see it as a bold move for Disney.

I could lather this review up with more insight or even dress the grammar up a bit, but I'm pretty sure ticket sales, streams, and merchandise speak for themselves to the success of the film.
A very fun and awesome movie with more action pack violence;it's probably the most goriest Deadpool movie of the three.I love the humor about Fox and Disney and how Deadpool breaks the fourth wall when he looks directly at the camera about Fox and Disneyland.I just love how Deadpool was trying to tie himself to the MCU, because this film is part of the MCU.Hugh Jackman coming back as Wolverine was absolutely incredible,although this time, he's playing a variant not the same one like from the Fox X-Men films.Wolverine wears his comic accurate costume and towards the end,he wore his mask for the first time especially for the fans.The scenes where Deadpool and Wolverine fighting each other were cool.I love the Deadpool corps especially Dogpool,Nicepool and Lady Deadpool voiced by Blake Lively,which it was special.I love the Cameos such as:Elektra,Blade,X23 and Gambit (played by Channing Tatum) and Chris Evans reprised his role as Human Torch.Cassandra Nova was a good villain because how threatening she and also Professor Xavier's twin sister.I also love for a fact that in the credits,they took footage from Fox X-Men films as a farewell for Marvel films by Fox.The first Deadpool was great,the sequel gotten better and Deadpool & Wolverine just extended it to a higher level than Deadpool 2. One of my TOP 5 favorite X-Men films,along with X2, First Class, Days of Future Past and Logan.
The best movie since Endgame
Too much silly jokes
This movie was loads of Fun to watch. The Comedy was good, The Action was amazing, and Ryan and Hugh just performed nicely and is easily a top tier MCU movie
This film has surely been made for TikTok viewers and gamers.

Full of action every second of the way with a ridiculous script full of innuendos and swearing. No storyline to tell of.  Gratuitous violence just like A video game. The same old mishmash of Marvel characters appearing for no particular reason.  

I gave up 3/4 of the way through. I just couldn’t bear it any longer.  

Avoid if you are a Grown-up!
Alternate timelines annoy me.
It was great, I wasn’t a fan of the timeline plots in past marvel shows but I did love this movie.
One of the best movies I've ever watched. Hilarious with great actors!!
it's a big waste of time. if you have time to waste, there are better movies to watch but there are also worse. my expectations aren't high for any superhero movie but this is truly awful.
Another welcome addition to the franchise.the script,storyline and acting didn't disapoint in any way at all.well pleased with it.
Amazing action. Non stop humor. And what's not to love about Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman! A little corny at times, but that is what you sign up for when watching this kind of movie.
Funny movie as usual, it is a must see movie.
Simply awesome! A must-see! Just a beginning for new Marvel stories.
Amazing movie!! Love all the Deadpool movies, they have success because they don’t bring any celebrity or political nonsense in it!! Strange how they make the most money🙄🙄.
watch it over and over
I’ll be the first to tell you, I’m not a HUGE Marvel fan. I like the big names like Avengers, Iron Man, etc. but not into ALL of it. That said, I did love the first two Deadpool movies. 

This movie was FANTASTIC! From beginning to end, it was awesome and can say anything else except do yourself a favor and see this movie.
Loved the first two, not so much this one. Lots of fighting, blood, and dick jokes. but thats really it.
Lots of action and Ryan Renolds is always funny!  A great movie!  I highly recommend!
AMC theater is great
This was a movie that helps with the marvel time line. It was great to see Wolverine and many others back in action. It wasn’t as great or funny as past Deadpool’s but I still enjoyed the watch.
Deadpool & Wolverine was everything adult superheroes movie goers were expecting, absolutely amazing, an ode to Wolverine with the spicy favorite 4th waller of all time Deadpool.

Worried how "the Critics" score is at 78%, showing they do not live in reality, fortunately the rest of the Wolrd has provided a good socre (94%) at the time of this review.

¡Viva Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman!
This movie has no sense but is the wet-dream of all the frikis around the world. In name of all of us: thanks Ryan Reynolds and Míster Hugh Jackman.
This movie is great. Fun to watch
Blade made me want to watch it
A love letter to the Fox film fans. A simple story with so many great surprises. Most importantly though an absolute banger of a soundtrack.
Pretty good movie. Deadpool was great like always.
Wolverine & Deadpool vs Deadpool variants fight could have gone better...but still worth ever second.
incredible amazing show stopping groundbreaking life altering never been done before dramatic wonderful absolutely astounding
it was stupid and  people in the theatre wouldn't stop talking
10/10 or 5/5 stars. Best movie this year.  Impeccable action and comedy.  All the Deadpool movies are always amazing.  They keep you wanting more sequels.  Highly recommend watching this movie multiple times.
Just figured out I could do this. I’ve seen it 15 times. Nuf said
An excellent movie that movie from the ground up. You can tell this was created by fans for the fans and also professionals who are very aware they are building on top of a legacy (Fox Studios) which was created by passionate colleagues. 

They take a lot of shots at Disney and Marvel, which is a very Deadpool thing to do. They are hilarious in their retcons turning them into jokes and owning what they are doing. 

I wish we had got our road trip to the north pole movie, but considering this needed to happen inside the marvel universe what was put together is still top notch!
Deadpool & Wolverine

Not being a Wolverine fan i wasnt expecting much, but having now watched it 3 times, I can confirm this is one of the best Deadpool fims so far.
 It delivers every emotion for every audience member.
Very fun movie. I miss good Marvel movies!!

I really want to see more Gambit. And the cameos were perfect.

Watch it. It's insanely funny. If swearing turns you off, then maybe avoid this one - but otherwise, watch it.
Fun to watch, great humor but the story wasn’t great
Loved the over the top F you to corporate America who bent the knee to political correctness.  Too many jokes back to back to back and they could have cut out 15 minutes of slow motion shots.  Not as good as the first Deadpool, but better than the second.
Simplesmente imperdível! O melhor filme da Marvel da era pós Vingadores Ultimato!
There was a lot of humor in it. Not as good as the 1st, but not many movies are.
Ufff llevaba tiempo esperando ver esta película y no defraudó, aunque no es grandiosa, es bastante buena, yo la colocaría como mi segunda favorita de Deadpool. Y sube media estrella más solo por Wolverine 🥰
One of my favorites it was very great.
Good movie but at times the comedy was just completely obnoxious
Best movie of 2024 I freaking love this
The Movie was very funny and there was adventure after adventure. I will definitely add it to my collection! However, I wasn’t happy with the theater experience. There were people talking through out the movie. The movie was featured in the smaller theater with limited seats and the theater smelled. I’ll make sure not to get stuck in that smaller theater again.
Assuming that you are a fan of the genre and of the characters, it's a must see.  The greatest Deadpool movie?  Nope, but it doesn't have to be.  Very entertaining.
Wholesome family content!
It was a fun movie but Ryan Reynolds just gets so old. Too much and too annoying.
Loved this movie I even learned the dance loved it that much! Have some good laughs and even if it was dragged out it was still good.
I enjoyed this film it was a lot of fun. It was as violent as it should be and had a lot of funny dialog.  Hopefully, moving forward the studios learn the right lessons from this success.
Funniest movie of the year - the fight in the parked car is the funniest thing I ever saw
It was what it needed to be
I hope you're happy Disney. this is your fault
I thought it was so funny and loved all the characters. However I'll be honest I started getting abit bored... Like waiting for the film to hurry up and finish. Don't think I'll watch it again
Don’t read the critics reviews - waste of time. If you like comics, love wolverine and vaguely keep up with celebrity goss - this movie absolutely nails it. Awesome and sad jokes, perfect timing, faithful to the characters, fourth wall breaks and cameos galore.
A breath of fresh air in a tepid ocean of big studio mediocrity
Best Movie I've seen in years!
It’s just a fun - turn off your brain and enjoy - movie. Worth a watch
This is what we need. This type of movie. Fun, exciting, unforgiving about insulting people, not overthought. 

I had so much fun watching this movie. I adored how it didn't take itself too seriously and just was mainly concerned with providing a smile-producing movie experience. 

Still, somehow, it had heart. Great job to both main stars. This is the direction Marvel needs to go, in my opinion, and less in the direction many of their other shows and movies seems to be going.
Deadpool and Wolverine is probably the best movie of 2024. It’s funny, bunch of action, and good to see Wolverine in another movie. (Same with Deadpool!)
It's interesting to watch the chemistry between the two characters, "Ketchup & Mustard." Oh "Deadpool & Wolverine."
Has Deadpool forgotten his character? 
It’s no longer Deadpool it’s MarvelPool. Deadpool is no longer sully he’s a Disney Fox network jokester. 
I loved Deadpool 1 and 2, however 3 brings everything that was fresh and edgy to a crashing halt. It feels like an entire sell out. The bye bye dance scene is great but other than this the movie drags with a borderline story and an entry to the multiverse that seems forced. I will watch Deadpool 1 and 2 many times, 3 is a one and done.
Best thing done in 2024.
We've had so many "multiverse fanservice" superhero flicks over the last couple of years that it's not even funny anymore. However, as far as multiverse fanservice movies go, this one definitely owns the format! I honestly doubt that even the upcoming Avengers movies will make it work better than D&W
This film so sadly bad, it don't understand these many good reviews. It was a nuisance to watch it. 

I guess there is a lot of "fantasy" reviews which do not show the reality in my eyes. 

The trailer of this movie was the best, the film it self never could mirror or achieve the quality of the trailer.
It was entertaining at times but boo I don't like silly comedies. I also didn't enjoy my hero Wolverine being turned into a joke. I find Deadpool stupid even though I'm a fan of the cast; I didn't like the overall movie.
I was blown away, this movie is one of the greatest, funniest, and most action packed superhero movies ever
Exactly what I wanted to see
This "movie" is rather a series of rarely funny gags. Chris Evans' unexpected cameo was great though.
One of the best MArvel movies in a while. This team up was greatly needed and I absolutely loved it. This was hilarious and awsome to watch. We need more Deadpool team ups.
4 stars because I absolutely love Deadpool 1 & 2, but f**k, this is just a bad script. Good soundtrack, but I was really hoping for a better movie.
Went to see it multiple times because it was so good!
It's a good superhero movie and not masterpiece or even amazing but fun. That's honestly it, needs better writing and more background to wolverine.
Increíble película buen humor las escenas de relleno se sienten increíbles como el baile de bye bye bye y tiene una buena historia con buenos personajes y unos paisajes y buena banda musical
This is likely the worse Marvel movie ever made. All it is, from the beginning is a blood-fest that has no noticeable plot or characters that are more than skinned deep. The jokes are rarely funny and depend on fan knowledge. It is like watching a fan made trailer. It is like the Deadpool character ran out of ideas and is trying to repeat the SOS. It is a waste of time that only held my attention until about half way through, I realized that there would not be a plot or any thing that was interesting, unless you want to admire the special effects replicating gross violence on top of gross violence. Because of the involvement of the TVA it is easy to compare it to Loki and realize that they could have done so much more considering they seem to have had a large budjet. I was honestly looking forward to it, having liked the first two Deadpools, but this one is a complete and utter failure.
It's like they got too excited and forgot what they were making. It's watchable but just too silly. Too many dancing bits. Too many jokes. It misses the seriousness. If it's intentional then OK but it's a bad idea. Spoils what it should have been. Wolverine just doesn't look right when he's full suited and you don't get enough grit from his fighting. Seems like the violence was secondary to the dancing and the jokes.....a shame for a movie with WOLVERINE and Deadpool. We know Deadpool 1 and 2 are funny but also they have the seriousness. Adding Wolverine should have meant MORE seriousness and MORE violence and making the fights perfect but it's like they thought "let's make a Deadpool that's more about how funny Deadpool can be and add another character....errr Wolverine?  Why not? Poor choice. Wrong hero choice for the script, or wrong script choice for the hero? Should have been so much more. A huge letdown. But still watchable......one time only.
The movie plays on nostalgia and the Guardians of the Galaxy-type fun. However, indestructible superheroes fighting each other and battling Messiah-like traumas has gotten pretty old and overplayed.
So last nite I went to see Joker: Folie a Deux (meaning shared madness).. it was titled correctly but it also could of been titled Joker: Folie Comedie Musicale Deux (meaning shared musical) I guess that was to long so they stuck w/the former...yea, I was disappointed...to much singing and dancing and not enuff Joker doing Joker like things imo..fortunately the songs were classic songs I luv so that helped me get thru it while lookN 4ward to it ending...only thing that kept me from walkN out was hope..hoping for a moment that it would meet my expectation...don't get me wrong...there was a moment or two...ok a moment...that made Zee and I sit up in our seat but it reverted back n2 the mundane...w/o giving the ending away I'll just say it ended w/insinuation that the Joker saga would continue and whereas Zee wasn't interested in returning if it do...it did intrigue me...hey, what can I say...I've been reading these comic characters (DC & Marvel) since pre interest in girls...that's a damn long time...lol

ps: Joaquin Phoenix still the best portrayal I've seen of the Joker and I actually found Lady Ga Ga..who I'm not personally a fan of..pretty darn good as Harley...
I once encountered the harrowing consequences of a cryptocurrency scam, which plunged me into a deep sense of despair. I can attest, from personal experience, that it is truly a nightmare. My investment, a substantial sum in Ethereum, was effectively held hostage by an online investment platform. I had anticipated significant returns; however, I was oblivious to the impending distressing experience. As time progressed, my initial excitement morphed into anguish upon realizing that the platform I had trusted was nothing more than a cleverly devised scheme aimed at defrauding unsuspecting individuals passionate about the cryptocurrency market, leaving us feeling exposed, deceived, and hard to trust again. I discovered CYBERGENIEHACKPRO upon embarking on a money recovery journey, a team of experts specializing in asset recovery, dedicated to assisting victims in tracing and reclaiming their misappropriated funds. The process of recovering my lost Ethereum seemed daunting, as I had previously read that cryptocurrency transactions are untraceable and irretrievable. However, CYBERGENIEHACKPRO has proven this notion to be incorrect. Although the recovery process was intricate, I was elated to learn that my lost assets had been successfully retrieved. To anyone who may find themselves in a similar unfortunate situation, I strongly urge you to maintain hope and seek out CYBERGENIEHACKPRO through a Google search. I recommend contacting C Y B E R G E N I E (@) C Y B E R S E R V I C E S (.) C O M for valuable money recovery advice. Their private website can be found at ~ https ://cyber-genie-hackpro. info/ ~.
its a moive the fans wanted. it provided plenty of humour and depth in deadpool. It slightly lacked a little bit in the story aspect where some parts felt a little bit out of place. but for the laughs it was brilliant to see such a great film be brought back to the MCU.
Not as convincing as the previous features. Ryan Reynolds seems to have an almost sexual fixation on Hugh Jackman. And the fighting scenes, where katanas and claws are repeatedly introduced into intimate areas, are just disgusting. While optically up to standards, storywise, not.
Going down as the best f-1ng action movie for adults ever!🥳 If you don't agree with me, I have a reference ti send you to on the behave of idgaf, Her name is Deadpool don't forget to tell it i sent ya!.🤣🫠#bestactionmovieinacentury
Spicy language, as awesome as one would expect Deadpool to be.
The best movie of the summer!
“Deadpool and Wolverine” can be messy at times and is not quite the savior of the MCU, but it’s an absolute blast with a surprising amount of heart and is boosted by the performances and chemistry of its two leads.
It's really good and silly in the typical Deadpool way with the multiverse story inside which meets each other and the story is really interesting and okay that's good 😁
melhor filme do dead pool! Nao sou fa da saga, tenho aversao a furos na cara. mas esse filme foi legal!
Very, Very nice superheroes movie with dirty jokes! If you a Marvel Fan like me you Must see this film.
Ryan killed it again! Definitely a must see!
Beautiful film.  The cameos are amazing and all of the jokes land.  Some of the story is kind of weird like the part where the bald lady randomly tries to destroy the TVA.
The Deadpool movies are made for the most part to be unserious, so rating the movie for what it was trying to achieve would get a 5 star rating. It was interesting, Goofy, and had a serious tone to it. I'd recommend to any comedy/action/marvel lovers.
I don't understand why so many people liked this movie. It's litteraly a bad fanfic with high budget.

It's a bad story, with a plot that hold on a post it, full of plot holes, action and humour over exagerated and full of references most will not get.
It was fun to watch. Story line could've been better but overall it was good. I don't think this movie saved the MCU like some reviews are saying.
It was hilarious! The banter between the amazing Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds is so good!  I would pay to see this again!
It's exactly what you think. It's going to be in the best way possible. Awesome action. Awesome jokes!
Laughed a couple times but that was it. Virtually no chemistry between Deadpool and Wolverine. Story has no stakes at all. Absolutely absurd that it has such high ratings. Fake pumped reviews or the standard for these movies have dropped to a new low.
Absolutely no plot just goes from one stunt to the other. The biggest waste of 20 minutes I’ve had in a long time. Couldn’t even finish watching it
U put a Deadpool and a Wolverine together and its a automatic banger
Ours and Ryan's prayers were answered.
Love Ryan Reynolds and all the inside jokes he sneaks into the dialogue. He and Hugh Jackman are great together. Fun cameos from other Marvel movies. Lots of action, too.
Severely underwhelming. I really wanted to love it as much as 1 and 2 but to pay all that money to hire Hugh Jackman just to have him say the f word for the first 90 minutes was tragic. Maybe teenage comedy isn’t for me.
Es un asco de película, no le metiendo ganas paga nada, no la vean es una perdida de tiempo, no sirve ni para tener fondo mientras haces algo más
I enjoyed it to a point but actually prefer Deadpool one and two. I wasn't all that taken with the storyline and to be honest I got bored about half way through.
The hype of this movie over the summer did not disappoint. This was hilarious. Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman are a perfect match together. I would love to see them and something else besides Deadpool and Wolverine. I think they make a really great pair. They are both equally hilarious and just overall a great duo together I love how they brought back, some of the characters from Deadpool and also wolverine movie came back with them to fight What had happened I hope we get a sequel with them together. Honestly, I just couldn’t get enough of them together.
Everything you need in a superhero movie. Can’t recommend it enough
Just everyone having fun, storyline is barebones to accommodate the madness.
Reynolds saves the best lines for himself obviously, hard to beat the Deadpool one-liners. Jackman puts in a good shift but he could've had some more wise cracks.
It is very funny and their chemistry is excellent.
Cassandra is excellent; very menacing and surprisingly funny at times. Macfadyen is great.
Soundtrack is good fun. Some great cameos.
The perfect trilogy 
Deadpool 3 is everything a superhero movie needs to be perfect story and non stop laughter this movie saved the MCU thank you more to come I hope
Did Deadpool & Wolverine live up to the hype? 110% and then some. The best action movie and comedy of 2024.
Best movie I saw in a long time. Actually went to see this twice in theaters. I never go see movies twice. Fun watch from beginning to end.
Well done, great effects, clever, and amazing one-liners!
The soundtrack was great. The villain was super creepy. Loved the fight scenes.
O filme cria um lugar confortavel pra voce, voce nem percebe que as horas passando de tao incrivel e maravilhoso que esse filme é
Good movie really enjoyed
Good action, big surprises in the actors that appeared BUT way too much profanity and it didn’t bring value. Marvel can do better.
Nada de novo sobre o ceu da Marvel, o filme é um aglomerado de clipes musicais e piadas de tiozão quase sem contextos. Justamente oq é esperado de Deadpool, para quem é fã dessas coisas esse filme é um prato cheio. Só não va esperando ver um filme de verdade e sim um filme para fãs.
Ryan Reynolds' magnum opus, a tribute to the FOX era of Marvel, and the greatest use of meta-comedy of all time (or at least until they're ninety).
PACKED with cameos for characters once seemed lost to time, and action scenes that delight every second and never over-stay their welcome.
The only possible nitpick one may have is the classic complains of the multiverse being a confusing setup for a plot, and a sort of bland villain.
This movie is an absolute must-watch, however, you may have some catching up to do first)
I liked the action . But there was way too much cursing in that flick . And I saw kids in that movie theatre . Teens that is
An absolute must for action/comedy watchers, with cameos of past Marvel cameos.
Bit too much bum and teenage humor to my taste. Just too lazy ....and unoriginal.....
¡ME ENCANTÓOOO!❤️😍✨
TERRIBLE MOVIE!  Awful!
This movie started completely disorganized and did not have a plot. Lots of rambling and nonsense conversation dominated the first 45 minutes. It was a waste of time.
There were a couple of jokes that were funny, but most of it did not land for me. Deadpool seemed much less an agent of chaos and more a cruel vindictive jerk. They attempted to make fun of the multiverse thing, but ended up just doing a poor version of a multiverse story.
Not my cup of tea. The multi-verse has been played out “even in irony” in this case.
It was what I was expecting it to be but way too much sarcasm.
Just enjoy the ride------
