Solid movie with good performances.
Strange is totally diffent in this movie kinda step out from that great fight with thanos, i like Wanda as villain she is scary enough, sam raimi is a great director, this was just not for him.
There was no multiverse is this movie and it was boring
I actually really like this film! It's visually stunning, beautifully composed, action packed, brutal, and develops our characters, new and old. Great film all around! Check it out if you haven't already!
This movie is alright, it’s like a horror movie fr, I didn’t expect it to be a horror movie when I first watched it lol, Wong Carries
Marvel just doesn't hit like it used to.
The movie that kicked off the weakest period of The MCU.
admittedly I’ve never watched the first doctor strange movie, but I liked this movie a lot. it was fun, exiting, engaging, and the acting was good. I personally feel like the plot was a bit scattered, but that’s most superhero movies anymore. definitely a good movie, and I would watch it. just don’t be like me, and watch the first movie first.
I liked how Wanda was represented in this movie.
Despite Sam Raimi's artistic touches, it's a mediocre film. The script feels like a full-on character assassination of Scarlet Witch. She's gone completely mad even after the WandaVision finale where she seemed to regain some pre-Endgame sanity. The actual movie that should've been (with Clea and the Dark Dimension) is teased in a mid-credits sequence. Here's to hoping that film is good.
enjoyable sam rami movie!
Sam Raimi's visually appealing style fit perfectly into this surprisingly brutal , somewhat all over the place, story. One of the most entertaining films in the MCU, even with it's flaws.
This had so much potential to be truly great but fell short and ended up still being really good.
This movie was good, some people had a hard time with it and i still do, i didnt like America Chavez and i dont think the actress they chose was good. I couldnt connect with her character. I thought the visuals were awesome and i loved how they continued the story of Wanda in this and how she is the Scarlett Witch and she wanted her children back. Some scenes were cheesy and i know this was directed from Sam Rami and i noticed a lot of his famous shots and he makes his stuff sort of scary, but overall i thought Doctor Strange trying to help Wanda was a good plot of the story and if you saw the WHAT IF episode of doctor strange that ties in very close to this movie and there was one scene in this movie that made me emotional and it was Strange confessing his love to Christine even though she wasnt from his Universe, after he had lost her literally, he was broken inside and he really needed that closure and i loved that. Over all great movie definitely has its flaws.
the visuals are absolutely stunning. While the story has some flaws, the action and surprises keep you really entertained definitely recommend watching I really enjoyed watching this movie
Too creepy and that 3 eyed person needs Jesus! 😱
Ah "America Chavez in the multiverse of Wanda's usual grief" one of my favourite side characters in this movie was Doctor Strange
Garbage. 
The castration of Dr Strange continues
This movie was not worth my two hours.

It was fun I guess but a lot of the acting was really bad (Not wanda's obviously!) and they also had WAYYYYYYYY to many filler scenes.  A lot of the jokes didn't stick and the plot overall wasn't great.  Probably one of the worst MCU films.

Also, one side not, (SPOILER WARNING), Wanda just kinda goes down the same Wandavision route and it's kind of lame because she already learned her lesson...
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is an enjoyable, chaotic, but frustrating movie.

The new characters and the multiverse version of the existing ones are interesting and well-written. The existing characters don't really have growth, but it's fun to watch them. The story is intriguing enough, some of the cameos are crazy. I didn't expect to see anyone outside of the characters of Doctor Strange. The dialogues are okay. The reason why I'm not in love with this movie is that I'n tired of the heroes becoming the villains and threatening the world.

The cinematography and the direction are great. I think this movie isn't as good as the first one, but Sam Raimi kept it together. The visual effects are good, but mostly CGI. The main cast is good, the cameos are superb and the acting performances are good.

Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is well-directed, but its writing could've been a lot better.
Multiverse of Madness was, unfortunately, a dismal failure. 

I am a die hard Doctor Strange and Wanda Maximoff fan. Any relevent content is typically biased by my adoration for them. However, the premise of Multiverse of Madness is diluted by a multitude of loop holes and plot convenience. Most of the death was unnecessary, and the conclusion would still have resolved without the drama. My partner was disappointed by my pulling a face through out the showing. The conclusion was gimmicky, they butchered America as a character, and every few minutes I had to ask “but why?” To the open air.

I think the movie could be saved by a more cohesive plot. The attempt to jam refrence after refrence together killed any hope for Multiverse of Madness to succeed.
Anyone who hates this movie obviously doesn’t enjoy unique and creative ideas. Why I love this movie so much is because it’s not like other marvel movies. It’s doesn’t seem like generic slop. Or maybe I’m biased because this is basically just a horror movie, and horror is my fav genre, so by combining superhero x horror, you create a movie I can’t help but enjoy. No, it’s not an objectively “good” movie, but it’s unique and cool. Plus they throw in some emotional bits (one of which made me tear up a little), with the Wanda stuff and her children. Also shoutout to Wanda maximoff because she absolutely CARRIES this film!!
O filme não tem desenvolvimento algum, eles só enchem linguiça por mais de 1 hora para no final fazerem o que eles poderiam ter feito desde o início, além disso, eu achei o filme bem estranho e o final ficou totalmente implícito!
Fantastic example of how to make a marvel movie right. Colourful motifs, exploring more mature themes (not just naming them, a quality hard to find in Disneys subsidiaries these days,) and wild ideas. 3 1/2 stars.
MOMMY WANDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA🥰🥰🥰. Scarlet Witch In The Multiverse of Madness****
An amazing film. It had extremely rich storyline, and amazing villain. Extremely funny. Truely, impossible not to like. I give it an 87%
This is very bad. How do people even like this movie?
Expectations were too high that’s on me, good tho
2.1. Billy & Tommy, who are key characters, shouldn't be alive. And too much about the story isn't reconcilable.
honestly This is Fun to wacth the graphics are amazing like the universe switch part my rating is 2.5  because i dont understand the lesson of the movie and why Wanda dies too
Entertainment: 3/5
Marketing: 4/5
Writing: 3/5

For general audience: 66%
For pop culture audience: 68%
For writing-based audience: 64%

Movie is carried wholeheartedly by the previously established characters both in the MCU and outside the MCU; not by the movie's own doing. In fact, the movie butchers a lot of characters and rules of the world. Why didn't Dr. Strange do the forgetting spell from No Way Home if Wanda gave him 24 hrs to decide? How did the alternate-universe Dr. Strange manage to have a sling ring in his corpse if he died because he didn't had one in the beginning of the movie? Dr. Xavier losing to Wanda is insane. The movie had so much promise. The rating alone is carried by the marketing and good-will from previous IPs. A sad day in the MCU.
Doctor Strange has always been an insane character who suffers from immense power and intelligence that makes him arrogant and bold. He’s always been a very serious character who understood the weight of every decision and the consequences of failure. This movie steps in front of every single thing that made Strange great in his last few MCU outings and then throws other beloved characters and slaughters their personalities as well. Marketed as a horror movie, it was barely even that and none of the comedy they attempted was even passable. The story itself is pretty straightforward, but it seems like it was only a vessel to show off the multiverse, their new property Disney acquired, and lazily show what they can do with the multiverse now that they have it. It only ended up in a mess that was hardly enjoyable and at times was really boring. The movie is by no means unwatchable, but if you enjoyed the Doctor Strange movie, WandaVision, and any Marvel Cinematic Universe experience before now, you should put this movie away in a vault and forget it.
It's an interesting work!! 
The appearance of America Chavez and the Illuminati were amazing!! 
The fight with Gargantos was cool, and I also liked how Strange turned into a zombie, but how many times do they want to go through the template of turning Wanda from an enemy into an ally?
Really good giving horror vibes which is Sam Rami’s thing
This movie was a game changer. I absolutely loved this movie and now i've watched it for the 6th time. It's really awesome and enjoyable. Elizabeth Olsen really carried this movie with the role as Wanda Maximoff. Overall i'd recommend this movie. The psychadelic song played during Wanda's dreamwalk really got to me.
Fun movie, especially in 3d.
The film I hate the most, promised and promised and delivered nothing, if in 100 years, when I'm old and asked what my biggest regret was, I'll say it was going to the cinema to watch this rubbish, weak, boring script , generic and the only thing that saves it is the direction, but it's not that much.
Wandavision snapped in this movie, I didn’t see the first doctor strange movie but i already know this one is a lot better than the first one. The multiverse thing is kind of getting tired tho, Spider-Man just did it
PUUUUUUUUUUUURE CHAOS
Good movie to watch when you're bored
Doctor strange and the multiverse of midness. While it could be said that it's a good movie, it isn't a good marvel movie. The illuminati, a group of the most powerful superheros in the world, are killed off as if they are wrapping paper, with superhuman abilities ignored. It seems to me that it's a bad copy of invincible, and attempts to be everything, everywhere, all at once.
I will try to review this movie for what it is as opposed to comparing it to what I wanted it to be. At this point in the MCU, expectations are high for each new movie. And with the return of OG Spider-Man 2 director returning to helm this, expectations from fans were understandably high.

This film had a lot on its plate. It had to be a follow-up to "WandaVision", follow up to "Spider-Man No Way Home" and a sequel to "Dr. Strange". Not to mention, the film has to face fan demand for bringing together this "multiverse"

Not since "Thor: Ragnarök" has a director in the MCU so effectively put their fingerprints on the DNA of their film. This movie is 100% Sam Raimi's movie. I am a huge fan of Raimi, and this film is full of classic "Evil Dead" style. The MCU is at its best when they allow the director to their job and let their vision shine.

I love the action sequences in this movie. They are visceral, brutal and exciting. Danny Elfman's music helps hype up everything to the next level. Every set piece feels like it is the caliber of the top tier superhero finale. But that is a two-edged sword. When all the action scenes feel like a finale, when we get to the actual finale, it comes across as lackluster. As such the ending falls flat.

Sadly the emotional core of this movie does not resonate with me. I do not sympathize with the main person our heroes are trying to protect. It is amazing how little I learn about them throughout the film, but how everything I do learn about them does nothing to endear me to them.

I love the villain of this story. But when you take a look at their plan, it clearly is not fully thought through. The way things conclude can't help but draw comparison to a superior multiverse film "Spiderverse". And there are some points of exposition that don't make any sense when you think about it.

The film isn't awful by any means. Part of the MCU's secret to success is their track record of very solid movies, and this one holds true to that. Just at this point in the MCU, and with this combination of elements, I should be loving this film. But I do inevitably walk away disappointed. And that is the strangest part of all.
filme fraco, o roteiro é fraco, o elenco é bacana, a vilã é ruim que é a wanda/feiticeira escarlate as cenas de ação saã boas, mas nã melhora o filme, fizeram a feiticeira escarlate matar todos os membros da Illuminati, pra que fazer isso, colocaram ela como fosse uma vilã que matasse qualquer herói na frente dela, forcaram a barra com ela, a história do doutor estranho é ruim, e colocando a wanda é pior ainda, o final é muito ruim, o terceiro olhe dele é horrivel, e não é o cu dele.
Doctor strange in the multiverse of midness
Although the special effects were good the plot was so complex that I'm not even sure it makes sense.  Just not into horror fantasy pretending to be science fiction, so there's that.
Was good, not great.  But still an enjoyable watch.
I would have preferred Doctor Strange 2 to have evolved in a more spiritual direction, not in the horror genre. This was a good popcorn movie for adolescents. It must have cost a fortune, with all those special effects. It was good for one reason: to show the plasticity of reality in movies. But the story was so farfetched and childish.
Absolute HORRIBLE MOVIE! Had to bleach my eyes after leaving the theatre.
Ha Tanta personalità di cui 2 non erano necessarie, ha effetti speciali ottimi, atmosfera multiversale niente male e alcuni scontri che potevano essere gestiti meglio. 7.5/10
Wow!  This was a great Doctor Strange MCU sequel!  Scarlet Witch was masterfully portrayed by E. Olsen in a wonderfully terrifying, beautifully tragic performance.  Don't bring the little kids to this one--might be too intense and scary for them.
Direção: Bom
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Ok
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Ok
I am torn between loving and hating this movie. There are moments that are so well done that I found myself really enjoying it but there were other times that I was wondering what was going through the Directors head when making this movie. A lot of the time I was wondering why they did what they did with Wanda's character. The way she talked and acted was so different from her character in all the other films we have seen her in. Her reasoning was something everyone could sympathize with but there was an extreme shift with her thought process and actions compared to her previous roles. The writing was okay, there was definitely "Marvel moments" with weirdly placed one liners and a lot of the characters not talking like they are actual people. The story itself was really good and I loved seeing all of the different universes. Also some of the cameos we get it phenomenal, like my favorite part of the movie. To talk about the direction it is all over the place. They do bring in a good creepy vibe that I loved to see but there were other times where I am like why would they even do that? Like genuinely bad direction. I know it must be hard to balance their own style with the Marvel style but this movie had no style and the difference between some parts were crazy. The fight scenes were okay, it is a lot of CGI because of the content but none of these fights I would say are in the top 5 of Marvel fights. All in all these are some of my favorite characters so I am glad to be able to see them more but I am not a fan with what they have done with the characters.
I'm going to be honest and as respectful as I can, I think this movie replays the lessons Wanda got from Wanda verse I stand with scarlet witch's actress that she didn't like the way her character was portrayed. just watch Wanda vision I'm glad we got fan actors but why waste potential. Look at this movie and ask what was it trying to be or what did it achieve in the end everyone looses nothing changes.
Worst marvel's movie
I thought this movie was good loved seeing the Scarlet Witch and Doctor Strange hunt each other down in the Multiverse it's amazing! Plus I'm a bit fan of the Scarlet Witch it's top 1 on my list of movies I love to watch on my spare time or for Halloween!
I hate the Multiverse! It’s the worst thing the MCU has ripped. Good tie into Wandavision and Agatha All Along though.
good movie aka popcorn movie
Nice film didn't like the fact that doctor strange runs from Wanda for 2 hours.
“Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness” suffers from a messy, underdeveloped script and not enough madness. However, Sam Raimi’s directorial flair is a welcome change of pace for the MCU and Elizabeth Olsen gives a standout performance as Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch.
A huge disappointment. Raimi ruins Wanda.
I enjoy this filme. The scene of the jumps across the multiverse was so nice to see on big screen.
Utter garbage. From bs like mocking dr strange for not speaking spanish.... bs he speaks cpuntless langauges. Including languages from other realities. Yet he doesnt speak one of his earths most common languages? Bs! Then things like the dark theme in the movie. All the way to the horrible ending. It was a crap shoot. They even. Killed off my favorite female marvel character. Absolute garbage. Up with with starwars 7 8 and 9.
I thought it was better than the first one and a great addition to the MCU while also finally opening the gate for new characters in the MCU, allowing characters that weren't in the MCU before to come into the MCU. I'm not saying that these characters are new, just that they're new to the MCU.
Felt too horror-like
My favorite sequel of the MCU right next to Captain America: The Winter Soldier
I really enjoyed this movie. It isn’t the easiest to get into if you’ve never watched Wanda vision so that holds it back. But I enjoyed the horror elements and all the multiverse hijinks!
Went a bit too far in making Scarlet Witch a full on villain in my opinion. Also, de-aging America (not to mention making her very much not Afro-Latina), and taking away her flight and super strength is just super disappointing. A horrible adaptation for that character.
Elizabeth Olsen is PERFECT. as The Scarlet Witch, and if you think she’s dead at the end of the movie?.. oh.. you’re very very wrong..
Overall, it’s a very well done and entertaining film. Elizabeth Olsen never misses as Wanda. She stole most of the scenes she was in and really helped keep the movie alive. With that being said, Raimi does a good job of bringing more horror elements to the MCU. The overall cast is brilliant, as are the Easter eggs. The only downfall is Wanda’s evolution in WandaVision seems to be wiped away for the sake of having an entertaining villain.
Not sure if Wanda's character was portrayed after all her evolution from WandaVision. Though Olsen's portrayal is always mesmerizing! She definitely carried the movie. Very entertaining to say the least. I pretty much enjoyed the battle scenes all throughout, though I wish we saw more of Doctor Strange vs Wanda. I think a battle between 2 powerful magic-users would have been a sight to see. They missed out on this opportunity!
I hate it so much. Absolutely terrible.
Not a big fan of what did they do to Wanda, anyway, seeing her like a top tier villian along with all of those evil variants was so good. The battle between Wanda and Iluminati was really stunning, I wish it was longer. Doctor strange is just being himself. he's funny, enjoyable and his dynamics with America Chavez were truly good. A fan movie with good cinematography, decent Vfx and beautiful acting. the writing could've been so much better tho.
This film is easily the creepiest and darkest film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Filled with jump-scares expected in the “horror” genre, there are also gory and genuinely unsettling moments. Sam Raimi’s directing style shines through, with this film looking and feeling different than anything else under the Marvel banner. Coming in at 126 minutes (one of the shortest of the franchise), the film is fast paced and continuously moving. The acting performances are excellent, with Elizabeth Olsen’s Scarlet Witch stealing the show. Though the dialogue has weak moments, the actors overcome these campy quips with undisturbed dedication.

There are a lot of moving pieces in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. With the concept of the "multiverse” at the forefront, it is easy to get disconnected from the characters. The stakes are so high and the heroes so powerful that the early days of the MCU seem like a long-lost memory. The treatment of some of the characters is inconsistent with previous movies and the introduction of additional characters feels more like fan-service than legitimate progression. Unfortunately, I left the film lacking closure and feeling tired.

As a fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, this film will carry me over until Thor: Love and Thunder hits theaters in July. While it is not a top-tier superhero film, it is satisfying to dive back into the narrative of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. Rather than standing out as a landmark film in the franchise, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness felt more like a filler episode.
A movie that has very solid action set pieces, and some legitimately terrifying Horror Scenes I've ever seen thanks to Sam Raimi's movie history.  Benedict Cumberbatch, Xochitl Gomez, Rachel McAdams, and especially Elizabeth Olsen did a marvelous job leading this one.  

For being the first MCU horror movie, it was pretty great.  I'm here for it. 

A-
It's a very fun movie with classic Sam Raimi written all over it, but it will definitely leave Marvel fans with some uneasy feelings about the plot in the long-run.
This movie kinda left me disappointed, because I had high hopes for what they were gonna include in it. They could've literally included any Marvel character since we know that the multiverse exists. And I feel like they should've taken advantage of the fact more. We could've met Miles Morales or the entire Fantastic Four, not just Reed Richards. They could've even brought back the three Spider-Men or more X-Men characters. They had the opportunity, they should've just went crazy, go stupid! The movie itself was sadly kind of boring. There's a lot more horror aspects in this movie and blood and gore, which I thought was super fun. There's a scene where the main villain literally just brutally murders everyone in the room. Anyways, yeah this movie's pretty weird, but ultimately it was just kind of bad.

5/10
I think this movie was so good but title must be change
Couldn't watch it till the end because I was so bored to death
First Doctor strange was great
this one? it's as bad as the first one was great
While it is hardly without its flaws, this movie takes us in a different and much darker direction than every other Marvel movie--it's refreshing!  Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen give outstanding performances.  And special thanks to Sam Raimi!!!

It's not the best Marvel superhero telenovela, but it is highly entertaining and beautiful to watch.
While it has great visual appeal & a strong performance by the main characters- everything else seems to fall flat in an uninspiring & a silly plot. The continuity of previous marvel TV shows & movies translates poorly as characters seemed to have lost essential personality traits which might baffle fans of Marvel. With Sam Raimi at the helm as director, there were some genuinely creepy imagery. A R-rated version of the movie with better character motivation (and also add some depth to new characters?) that jumped visually stunning universes meeting interesting characters would've lived up to its name. But in the end can't help but feel they biffed up a fantastic opportunity to breathe life into the dying phase 4 of the MCU
This is better than first! The villain Scarlet Witch very cool and scary!! This film mixed up horror movies soo cool !! I really like that !!
Not as bad as people say
Amazing Sequel After First Film, And the Best Villain!!
After The First film, and the best Villain!
BIFI™️ (By Idiots For Idiots)
This is hated by so many Marvel fans and I have no idea why! Just everything about this movie is fantastic! 10/10!
It was terrible. I can't understand the good ratings so I'm just going to assume they were paid. Horrible cgi, horrible plot, horrible writing - it was disgusting. Such a disgraceful downfall after the last Dr Stranger film which was really really good.
I'm gonna be completly honest here, this was the only Marvel movie i liked in the era between Endgame and Deadpool & Wolverine; and i don't really know exatcly why. Maybe it's purely because of Sam Raimi's direction, i really liked some of the more semi-horror scenes.
This movie is both very similar to other Marvel movies and different but it is still reasonably good and even though there are things I would change about the film, overall I found it enjoyable and a great catalyst to continue the MCU.
This movie is both very similar to other Marvel movies and different but it is still reasonably good and even though there are things I would change about the film, overall I found it enjoyable and a great catalyst to continue the MCU.
Entertaining and watchable
This film to my suprise has a better plot than I thought, however not my favorite of all marvel films, in the multiverse after endgame marvel is throwing out there anything that could stick and this one is good for a one  time watch after that forgettable.
one of the messiest scripts in recent memory. also confused by anyone calling this a horror movie. these experimental attempts keep getting overshadowed by bad writing and rushed storytelling, which is a shame. raimi’s visual authorship did all the heavy lifting.
Good horror and everything though seems a little messy at times
A visual masterpiece.
I feel sorry for marvel universe. This movie is a total mess. You can't just mix all these parallel universes. It worked for spiderman as they related and most likely expected from the fans. So disappointing.
Thoroughly Enjoyed the Movie! Manages to Push the bigger MCU multiverse story!
Not sure why everyone doesn't like this movie. I thought it was actually good!
Would have made it to 5 stars if they didn't  do that to Wanda.
Is great movie… I think Dr. Strange is only super hero movie that is not cliche and I love the unpredictability of it. 

First one better,  but 2nd 4 and half not bad.
I was extremely disappointed in this film, for introducing the multiverse it’s such a complex world and they barely did anything with it. You can’t call something “The Multiverse of Madness” and barely show the multiverse, doing a couple cameos and throwing in different variants of some characters and calling it there is ridiculous. I understand they don’t want to fill there film with surprises and all that but it needed more and it could have been more but they missed the mark by a mile.
I don't know why this movie gets all that hate it's a solid beautiful looking movie with a beating heart  and also expands the character arc of Stephen Strange. A real Sam Raimi style movie with some clever ideas in the action department . Only thing I didn't like was that the pacing was too fast. People should revisit it and I think this movie will be appreciated more over time. I hope it does
This movie is pretty cool, but it has its pros and cons.
 The pros are that it has a good plot, the villain is cruel and most of the characters have good development.
 The cons are that the special effects are not always worth it and the story is a bit dense.
I loved the movie! More Dr Strange movies please 🙏
Between the movie basically neglecting all Dr Strange's role as the main character, arc progression, and lore expansion, Sam Raimi's commentary that basically focuses only on Wanda, and Benedict Cumberbath's own expression of being the only one who cared about his character on set, contrast to popular belief, Sam Raimi truly and clearly doesn't care about Dr Strange.

Great visual though, but that's obviously not enough, isn't it?.
I don't know how anybody could entitle this Dr. Strange, when he was clearly a tertiary character in his own movie. Should have called it Wanda & America Chavez Emasculate Dr. Strange.
The movie was nice, but not in the Endgame level. It's not really a Doctor Strange sequel, it's a WandaVision sequel.
i think there is an overuse of CGI
Rick and Morty can do better multiverse of madness in 23 min vs whatever this was.
Meia estrela vai pelos bons efeitos. Um dos piores filmes que já vi, o roteiro é uma piada de mau gosto. Uma pena porque eu amei o primeiro.
A pretty average MCU movie, feels like a horror movie for kids, story was poorly executed, lacking character development, but I enjoyed the multiverse aspect.
Waited years for a Dr. Strange sequel. Was unspeakably disappointed that it had the scarlet witch played by olsen. she completely rubs me the wrong way in every film and breaks my suspension of disbelief with her bad acting. totally bummed she was the main character of a dr. strange sequel. then to add insult to injury, they add america chavez a nobody heroine that was made by a comic book committee that wanted to check multiple DEI boxes at one time. a character best known for saying things like "holy menstruation" and going on rants about whiteness and giving long monologues on the virtues of lesbianism. jesus christ, i am done giving disney money.
WandaVision: an allegory of mental illness, isolation, love and loss. 
Multiverse of Madness: Character development? Oh. Well. Nevermind.
Eu achei o filme muito bom, muito bem feito, os atores eram bons, o diretor com um toque mais de terror fez um tipo de filme diferente do que eu esperava e me surpreendeu muito.
I adore this movie with all my heart
The script feels lazy, and overall, it's a forgettable movie.
This movie really forgets about the caracther development who had Wanda in Wandavision
Bad things:
- covid slowed prduction and couldn't give many cameos
- expectations for it were to high
- wanda's story outshines stranges story
- 2nd act is little bad bec. This one isn't about strange
- story is ok
- ameruca is little underdevelopted

Great things:
- strange (where he is) is wery good
- 1st act is solid and 3rd act is wery good
- wanda is good
- sam raimi and his direction carries and i recomend him for the 3rd movie
- acting is profisonal, oscar wortgy fo elizabeth
- horror jump scares, intensive scenes and action are wery good
- ending and battles wery good crafted
- main character
- the villian
- side villian
-visuals, sound editing, csotumes, score (it looks great)
- is enjoyable......

Overall: it isn't the greatest movie ever but it is wery good just don't expect ro much from it. 8/10
It was good. though it's just the introduction of the multiverse there was a lot of squandered potential and the trailer is totally misleading of the plot and left all characters without clear resolution
Nonsense. Why am I even watching this?
This movie was amazing because you can see other worlds of the multiverse. It made it very interesting to watch. I liked it.
Bad..... so bad...................... What did they do to this sequel. How could they even say 'multiverse' if they're just hopping on and off like train stations, not even going down and hanging around in the shops and making friends. And how could they dare say this is the first 'horror' genre, it's too scared to do anything risky and with high stakes that it's just mellow. WE NEED FRESH MCU MOVIES, not half baked genres that are afraid of being the next new. America is too annoyingly written, I would have loved to explore the drama (real drama, not expositions) between her and Strange, let me feel her vulnerabilities and then cut it with a sharp knife. Why are you afraid to show real drama? is it because it is supposed to be a horror film? then where's the horror? The villain is so wasted and one dimensional, it's really just a red bad guy. Completely undid the well rounded character Wanda had been crafted in the past movies, why was the movie afraid of showing us the Wanda we are familiar with??! She was grey enough, why did they have to portray her as evil until the very final scene? I wish it were a real horror with real drama. Waste of time to watch.
It's been a couple of years since I've seen this but boy was it something. By far my least-liked MCU film, I felt it lacked focus and was all around a bit of a mess narratively. The action was confusing and there was a surprising amount of blood for an MCU movie. I don't mind blood and gore, just surprising to see in a franchise that usually keeps it to a minimum.
Bom filme! Recomendo assistir.
Bom, se ignorar certas coisas que não fazem sentido, o filme é maneiro e entrega bastante entretenimento. As 5 estrelas seriam merecidas se os alguns pontos negativos muito fortes não existissem.
It's good, but wanda's logic for turning evil is just plain stupid. "My imaginary kids don't exist anymore therefore I will steal my parallel self's children" literally depriving another version of herself of her kids. Which in turn would put that version in the same position.
The entire plot, from start to finish, relies heavily on cheesy and cheap tropes, low-level morality lessons, and an oversimplified unfolding of events. However, it offers a visual feast.
I was really disappointed .. doctor strange just shot with music notes .. that was way to much .. made my eyes hurt and the first movie was sooooo good :(
Although he's one of my favorites, this one devolves into some silliness when it goes into the horror genre. Still don't know the differene between sorcery and witchcraft. But do still want to know more about philosophers' take on MCU.
this movie is what convinced me that the MCU wasn't worth watching anymore
This was my favorite marvel movie... we got a horror movie with the best villan in the mcu.. Elizabeth Olsen was perfect... now we just need a solo Scarlet Witch movie with a redemption arc.
A lot about this movie I really like, but having Wanda as a villain I felt was both the most perfect option and the absolute worst option. Besides that I loved seeing some other Marvel characters make appearances.
Incredible! Loved the story, Raimi's interpretation of the story and the exploration of a Dark Scarlet Witch.
I really like the movie, how is so wondrous and weird for example Steven has a third eye in the end
A bit disjointed but that's the theme of the movie. Also, each marvel movie is a spin on a different genre and we had to have a horror style movie eventually. Well, here it is, and I'm glad Raimi got the job. There are some over the top melodramatics, which match some of the comics, had people read them... and there's a fight scene that was fun but imo should have been given a bit more screen time. Unfortunately for us viewers, it was handled correctly though, Wanda stomps reality itself if she's on a rampage, it's game over, no matter how powerful you are. So that was actually true to comics. 

And, back to the prime storyline, the main character is not really Dr Strange, but America Chavez, which is one of my favorite characters of the new class of heroes in the more modern comics (circa ~2010 to current). The actress did an ok job, but could have been a bit better. Admittedly, though, I may a bit hypercritical because I'm such a fan of her in the comics.
Unnecessarily dark for a marvel movie. Like much of this new phase of the MCU, it was visually dazzling but overall not a very compelling plot.
Pretty good MCU movie, 87-89%
With Spider-Man No Way Home, another excellent movie about parallel univers
Is comper to other movie is nice but marvel movies compering is Averag
WAAAY better than what I thought it was gonna be, given the general Reddit sentiment. I'm much more of a Raimi fan than anything superhero related, and this felt like a good extension of Evil Dead 2/3 and Drag Me to Hell. Plus I really like that Wanda was the villain, Marvel tends to be weakest in this area and this time Wanda was great, and viewers know her from earlier films where she was a hero so seeing her change was pretty exciting. 

As for the ending, I think it makes total sense SPOILERS!

as she finally got what she wanted, to see her kids, and they reacted in terror towards her. She was so corrupted by the evil book that only seeing the ones she loved reject her so absolutely could have snapped her out of that negative influence. This is definitely top tier MCU in my opinion (it was also really fun to watch her let loose and slice through the Illuminati)
You can be sure that your franchise is nothing but a corporate pageant show when the contents of the script are dictated by what movie comes out first and not the actual intent of the writer.
Terrible film that shouldn't have been made. Another multiverse storyline with bad writing. Missed opportunity to introduce new characters to the MCU, which were unfortunately all brutally murdered by the now villainous, overpowered, emotionally stunted Scarlet Witch. Much too dark for the MCU, especially a Doctor Strange film.
The potential is there, but they fumbled and dropped it. The low point is how it shows the Illuminati, its simply terrible.
This movie will unfortunately suffer from unattainable expectations, but this is a good movie. Luckily it's not just a cameo-fest and actually focuses on its main characters. The performances were great, Elizabeth Olsen was incredible in particular, and Sam Raimi's distinct visual style was written all over this movie. Raimi's creativity as a director and the character of Dr. Strange blend super well. As far as the plot goes, it's very simple and breezy, but tbh I like that after getting a bunch of 3hr+ movies. This isn't the best MCU film, and it's not perfect, but it's a damn fun ride.
Lots of fun to watch, fantastic visuals. Cumberbatch and Olsen were amazing, and I really enjoyed the cameos. The young girl was super annoying (not the actress' fault, she was weirdly written), wish she wasn't in the movie. Everything else was good.
One of the worst Marvel movies in recent history. Showed a lot of promise with the darker themes and horror elements, but the amount of over the top cliches and tropes made it hard to engage with, and the convenient plot devices that just suddenly happen without actual reason made the finale rather disappointing.
wizard man does it again
vfx goes crazy
Ridiculously inconsistent. Backtracks on hours of character development. Quite possibly the worst thing I've ever seen
Very good movie but too many jumpscares !
Multiverse of Madness is a visual fiesta that doesn't pull any punches in the visual effects department and is surely on par with the biggest Marvel titles in that regard. However the human elements are more than often contrived and the personal stories all feel forced. Yet the driving conflict in the plot is through the questionable motives of a young mother.

So I'm sitting here wondering how the maternal drama of a grieving Wanda could work so well in a TV series but come off so incredibly benign and unconvincing in this film, every scene with her kids had my eyes rolling at the inauthenticity. Why Stephen's unrequited love subplot was so incredibly boring and void of chemistry (or why it sidelined the much more interesting character story of a powerful pragmatic man who struggles with choices of morality on an occasional grand scale) Many moments in the film just felt oddly… unrefined.

Then the credits rolled and it clicked with me, it was directed by Sam Raimi.
Raimi's directorial sensibilities are dated, juvenile and frankly the man has no place directing a modern Marvel film. Occasionally scenes cause raised eyebrows and unintended laughs, half the time I was wondering if I was watching an 80's horror (Evil Dead) while others harkened to some really tacky looking visuals (Spider-man 1-3) or just straight up amateurish scenes where expository devices are cheaply thrown in to give characters prescribed depth (What were those invasive memory machines on the street, hahaha)

I think the lack of finesse really squandered a lot of pivotal moments in Multiverse of Madness, it's not supposed to feel gaudy and dumb… that's not the strengths of what Doctor Strange established. There was a sophistication to "magic" from the first film that Raimi's style inadvertently undoes, the clever charm and reverence for the superhero genre created by previous Marvel titles is under attack here and that more than anything is the key issue for me.

MoM sure plays the part of a giant action adventure blockbuster, but with so many ups and downs interweaving in what I feel is a directorial mess it's hard for me to straight up recommend to anyone.
The score that RotTom shows here is false.  Just look at the reviews.  This is not even a Dr. Strange movie.  Dr. Strange is literally a secondary character in the movie.
The movie is a hit due to its stunning visual effects, strong cast, unique storyline, and well-timed release.
Bit hokey but decent flick.
Me deben el tan prometido multiverso. mejor me hubieran dicho que wanda era la villana, no decir que habia multiverso y me hubiese sorprendido.. pero esta en el nombre de la pelicula me hace pensar que el multiverso es el problema y no.
Some dialogues are bad, some shots too. The CGI images are everywhere, which bothered me. However, the film remains a good entertainment. Dr. Strange is not my favorite character in the MCU, he always makes questionable choices, but I find it interesting that this element was integrated at the center of the plot. Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda Maximoff is amazing as always. I'm glad to have a film in which she has so much time to shine. America Chavez is a fun character with an interesting and unique power. The last part of the film is by far the best and saved it for me.
It was the quintessential comic turned movie and people who didn't like it have never read a comic book.
Pretty good movie! Careful if you watch with kids tho there are a few scary scenes that even spooked me. A lot of action
Wanda would be better off in the multiverse of madness. Weak film
This movie was ok for the most part. There are a lot of plot contrivances and story beats that felt ridiculous or downright hilarious because of how bad it was. The scene with Scarlet Witch battling the different universe's Avengers was really cool wish that scene lasted longer. Sadly my viewing experience when I saw this in theaters I was stoned which was probably the only way that I could enjoy it.
The best movie in 2022. I love Wanda
After the beautiful, nuanced depiction we just got of Wanda in Wandavision, it was disappointing to see her reduced to a two dimensional cartoon villain. America Chavez's story tugs at the heartstrings.
Overall, it's a good film. However, some of the characters were completely unecessary.
Kinda felt cheated out of the many possibilities of different multiverses and powerful beings I was expecting to see , everything everywhere all at once pulled it off much better.
John krasinski as reed Richards cool 
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness мне больше нравится чем Thor: Love and Thunder и лучше оставили не вырезали сцены с  zeus в фильме Thor: Love and Thunder
Some plot holes, but that doesn't affect the film at all. Incredible performances, no jokes, Elizabeth Olsen gives her all, incredible villain and character evolution.
Makes me glad I just watch these films at home these days.
interesting story good special effects but it was a bit confusing
Multiverse with not many multiverses shown… the way the writer annd director ignored Wandavision show and just shoe horned Wanda into this with now explanation of the book or her was lazy and terrible writing. Also the dr strange zombie… that was the "jumped the shark" moment for me.
Didn't loved it, had high expectations but the reality it was terrible. SO many cringe moments like Timmy and Tommy singing for ice cream. Wanda was very boring. Doctor Strange couldn't shine in his own project. Mr. Fantastic is the dumbest man alive.
Good thriller with terrible nonsensical ending.
Was really hoping it would deal with more multiverses and madness. It wasn't bad, it was a good movie, but I was really hoping for more.
It was alright, some moments just felt all over the place and some of the cgi was just terrible.
Muy buena película, ame a Elizabeth Olsen, su grandiosa actuación como Scarlet Witch es increíble.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse Of Madness may not be the cameo extravaganza you were hoping for, but it IS one of the most fun superhero films ever made. It combines the delightfully grotesque style of Sam Raimi with the surreal aesthetic of the Dr. Strange comics to create a trippy, nightmarish adventure unlike any other in the MCU.

You will probably enjoy this movie if…

-You DO NOT go into it expecting massive, Endgame-level surprises. 

-You DO go into it expecting an exciting visual feast that is equal parts ‘hero' and ‘horror.' 

In short: Come for the magic, stay for the gore
I still can't believe that Marvel/Feige handed Sam Raimi two of the most important, powerful characters in the Marvel canon (Doctor Strange and the Scarlet Witch) and let him completely ruin them in one fell swoop. They just let him make a random Sam Raimi movie that happened to have characters with the same names as marvel characters - but with no continuation of their previous character development. In fact, he has them both do things completely out of character. Wanda goes from a path of grief-driven misguided (and unconscious) abuse of her power to mass murderer. Strange goes from deep understanding of the big picture to reckless and stupid and easily fooled. Marvel squandered beloved characters so they could say they dabbled in the horror genre. The biggest mistake in the MCU, and a waste of the talents of Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen. It deserves to be retcon-ed out of existence by some sort of time travel or timeline switching. maybe that whole timeline can be revealed ot have been wiped out by the TVA in season 1 of Loki or something.
Lack of use of the Multiverse even tho it's in the title..
Thin Story with many plotholes..
They nerfed Strange so hard in this smh...
But i really liked the brutality in this! Marvel should do that more often
Story 3/10
Dialogue 4/10
Action 6/10
Music 6/10
Some really fun scenes, which made the overall movie enjoyable. I wish the character development / shifts had been a bit more thoughtful though
It was an enjoyable movie,However the script and plot were the the parts that made this movie a bit chaotic and messy
Una de las mejores películas del UCM de la Fase 4, además me gustó la Originalidad en esta película de tocar temas delicados y siendo la película más oscura de toda la saga, pero hay efectos CGI qué no perdono y es en algunos efectos especiales qué dejan mucho que desear. Pero el resto de la película roza en lo buena que es y quizás darle una oportunidad de sus malas críticas.
amazing visuals and directing, with great acting and a super fun horror esk vibe the mcu has never had before. Wanda is a great villian who steals the movie with her scenes.
My favorite superhero acting was amazing just wish it was a little short or fast paced
Love this movie only for Dr. Strange. Wanda kind stole it. Wasn't a big fan of her plot is kinda made no sense. Even if she was being influenced. She could have just ask America to open a world were her kids didn't have a mother. Instand of just taking kids form another mother?? Like girl think!?!? It seem like sad attempt to make a plot with wanda and strange instead of just saving her for the young average. And having strange start he academy or do other stuff.
Without Wanda, Marvel is going downhill
Does not hold up to the previous one, The villain is uninteresting and the secondary characters are plain at best, incredible audio-visuals as always but that is all there is to this movie.
This movie was way too hyped up
multiverse will blow your mind. How can he kill a character from another time and place without ruining the timeline? From my point of view, I see it as an ordinary movie, even less than ordinary.
It's definitely amazing when watching it for the first time, but as i keep rewatching it I skip the "boring" parts, if you can call them that!
another Solid but not perfect entry into the Multiverse. the action and CGI combined is visually gorgous, Wanda Maximoff aka Scarlet Witch becomes a terrifying and menacing villain that has a motive and is probably the scariest entry in the MCU with horror aspects pulled from Sam Raimi's evil dead. I also love the edition of the Illuminati and professor Xs return. 8.0/10
Great action sequences, stunning scenery, and memorable visual effects to keep you thoroughly entertained throughout the film. Unfortunately the efforts were largely wasted on a terrible plot with underutilized characters. Did the MCU really need a THIRD production where the entire purpose of Wanda Maximoff, arguably the most powerful Avenger, is that she's sad and angry that she's not a housewife and mother? They sold her short, as they did every other hero featured in the cameos that went nowhere.
The story is bad and vilan is inconsistent.
Nice movie with great  cgi and great vfx, bgm, actoling, story and plot of characters, side and main protagnist. The only thing a lot of people wanted was that, this movie didn't shove much happening around dr. Strange and more of wanda, and who caress about ghost riders cameo or something, we got cameos it is great 8.5/10 movie.
I am doing a Marvel Movies marathon, and this is the 1st movie I stopped halfway because I couldn't finish watching it. 
I found the story boring, and I didn't care what happens to any of the characters. I wished they all died so the movie would be over. 
Moving on to the next movie.
I think my biggest problem is that Wandavision made me love Wanda so damn well. The sorrow, the desperate hope at a normal life, the ghost of her husband as a soulless machine flying about somewhere.......THAT WAS SO DAMN COOL.

And then she turned wicked witch of the west........so we can push America Chavez?
No offense to the hero, but......from her name to her powers......she belongs in Antman or She Hulk or Gaurdians or something. She does not scream ancient mystical hero at all. Grab Wiccan from another dimension (Wanda's son in the comics) and BOOM, most of this is fixed. She is stalking her own son while her son is the key to bridging dimensions.
"I looked into the infinite and found you alone. Without me or your father to protect you. I know you lost your brother as well. So let us both complete our family, my child".
THERE! CREEPY! PERSONAL!
And make it more of a Wanda thing by having.....maybe......since you all planned the hell out of this...........alternate versions of The Vision and Quicksilver on the Illuminatti!
"No! Not like this! You are the wrong Vision! YOU ARE THE WRONG PIETRO! BEGONE!!".
Yeah, I am mostly treating this as Wandavision 2, but hell, we sure as hell did not get Dr Strange 2. I was looking forward to fighting Mordu as he hunted down all magic uses as was set up in Dr Strange 1. Could have had Mordu hunt America Chavez instead as a kid on earth with magic and in the conflict an incursion happens.  Makes more sense than dragging Wanda's story into the mud after FINALLY getting us to care!
Wanda was a bland background character for maybe 4 movies, and then she got a mini series and became my favorite MCU character. So I blame you all for making me love her struggles and strife right before you made her a bland villain (with admittedly creepy Sam Raimi powers)
What an unholy, disfunctional mess this is. It seems as though the concept was to take Dr Strange to a variety of different dimensions and try to cobble together a story from there. One of the most disappointing efforts in the MCU.
My close second favourite film from Marvel Studios ever, only just falling behind No Way Home. This film was captivating from start to finish, featuring incredible performances from both Benedict Cumberbatch and Elisabeth Olsen. and it gave me a vibe that I've never felt from a Marvel movie before. If that makes sense? God I love this film.
I honestly that this movie was better than its predecessor. Olsen crushed it!
I guess the negative reviewers saw a different movie than I did. While it isn't perfect, Raimi's film manages to being a darker edge to the Strange saga.
How this movie managed to butcher all the years of charachter development Wanda has had just to let whoever decided to selfishly use Wanda because of her popularity is beyond me.
The first scene already threw me off horribly and it just kept getting worse from there. There was unfortunately nothing to tie in to the charm and quality of the first movie. Sad to see this movie go down this route.
This movie gives a new theme and tone for the mcu. The horror vibe that reimi provides is amazing and somehow fits the story with the scarlet witch as strange fights to protects a young child who doesn't understand her powers. However, we feel empath for wanda as she is fighting to see her children once again.
I would of expected more from a multiversal movie rather than a little but Wanda story is sympathetic
superheroes genre turn into horror genre, got jump scared watching this movie LOL, scene in the tunnel
Gostei mas não me passou sensação nenhuma de perigo, cheguei a rir na cena de perseguição da Wanda e o final é RÍDICULO, simplesmente o poder da amizade akakakakaka
Fantastic movie. Sam Rami's style was definitely present throughout the entire film. CGI looked off in certain scenes. This film was full of surprises. Wanda Maximoff was definitely the MVP and America Chavez was a huge standout.
Elizabeth olsen commands the screen whenever she puts that tiara on.
absoloute garbage. wanda was ass i hope she dies. so cringe
It's not a masterpiece, but Raimi's magic is able to take the movie from standard Marvel slog into lovably campy action and horror.
Puedo ser un poco mejor pero aún así es buena
Character assassination.  For the sake of cheap jump scares.

Some mildly fun visual effects.
Sadly one of the better phase 4 movies..
It's an alright movie. A nice change of pace from regular MCU however the illuminati was pretty terrible and it has quite a cringy script
Raimi spins a master's dark magic over the entire movie, and Olson delivers a captivating performance as the Scarlet Witch. Multiverse of Madness is peasantly dark and visually exciting. The story can get awkward but has a potent message about contentment with where we are.
They've lost the plot with this madness. Wanda being the villain makes no sense and when that was revealed made me lose interest in the entire film. Did the people involved in this watch Wandavision. She actually made peace with everything by the end of that show. Fast forward to this film she's back obsessed with her kids, slaughtering countless innocents across the Multiverse and in the end has to make peace with letting go of her kids again. Make that make sense. What irks me about this film is that the trailers suggested the events of this film was caused by Dr Strange and what he did previously. Instead the story is about Wanda and America and we get no development of Dr Strange and his journey to becoming the Sorcerer Supreme. America Chavez is basically just a living Deus Ex Machina. Her powers switch on and off as needed by the story. Also this trope of teenagers teaching adults the ropes needs to stop. Then we have Wong. Not only is he severely underpowered as the Sorcerer Supreme he also inexplicably has self esteem issues. His whole character arc revolves around eventually being acknowledged by Dr Strange which is weird because he is one of Stranges' mentors. For a movie called The Multiverse of Madness it's a pretty bland Multiverse and should've been explored in more depth. The whole Illuminati thing was just wack and fell flat. All in all I'm not enthusiastic about where they are going with these films. Great actors and characters are being undercut by bad writing, bad plotlines and overused Hollywood tropes.
Typical new age Disney played out story full of Disney propaganda and cheap thrills and bad jokes. Overall it's decent entertainment if you completely turn your mind off. The movie is easy to follow, but when you start asking questions about why the characters did what they did, it ultimately leads you to the conclusion that the movies sole intent was to cash in on the marvel phenomenon, not for an artist to tell a good story and make a good movie. 

Wanda destroying half the universe to get back her two children, at the expense of literally everyone else's children… come on. Everyone else is willing to make sacrifices for the greater good except her. When you take that fact coupled with the idea that she's not evil she's just misled by pain and suffering, it doesn't make her powerful it makes her weak. She's clearly the antagonist yet the writers seem to overplay her pain and try to make the audience feel bad for her as if she's a mother just doing what everyone else would do. We don't feel bad for her. Dr strange is the only person trying to save the multiverse yet everyone turns on him… hmm. Disney is becoming unbearable. My favorite part through all of the fighting and multi universe travel is the fact that America Chavez lgbtq pin somehow remains unscathed, front and center on her jacket. Thanks Disney, we really needed that. Regardless of how you feel on the topic, can we PLEASE not politicize literally everything? That, itself, is also overplayed. I'm sensing a trend here.
This movie had a lot of potential to be something great, but it just didn't for some reason. Just felt like because they were dealing with the multiverse, it meant they could have a bunch of cameos and people would be happy. The story itself was okay at best, but I will say the CGI was great. America Chavez is the real bright spot of this movie. Can't wait to see more of her in the future.
Doctor Strange is great but Wanda is the protagonist hello Marvel
That cheeky Franklin Richards tease
It won't be for everyone but the Raimi style meshed amazingly well with Doctor Strange and made this one of my favorite MCU movies. Also, the story with Scarlet Witch combined with WandaVision is phenomenal and heartbreaking.
This the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a complete waste of my time and I wish I could get that back. I wish I never saw that film. Everyone was terrible in it. Complete garbage.
Childish, a mistake, terribly bad, predictable, stupid story, ridiculing new characters, Raimi ruined two of my favourite characters from Marvel (as well as a classic story of the House - of M -)
Nothing particularly good (or awful) to say about anything to be honest. It was just extremely average, and they also presented Strange as far weaker than in previous movies.
I think scarlet witch will be back
(Mistletoe Virus I'm saying I love this movie!) is one of the best I've seen in quite a while, This movie was surprisingly spooky and creepy Disney need to make more this! Not ant man 3!
Absolutely fantastic movie.  Id give it 6 stars if I could.  I loved the effects, the acting, the darker feel to it.  It just felt like a good wizard movie mixed with darker horror elements.  Like when I read a story this is what I love.
This movie is a bit confusing but still a great movie.
They did Krasinski dirty turning him into string he's probs the only famous dude who fans want an also doesn't mind being "mr fantastic" why they don't just offer him an his mrs the contract I will never know they are literally husband & wife in real life an fit the f4 family perfect
I wish I could give this minus stars. My real score would be -10 Stars. This is, maybe even by far, the worse Marvel movie made to date. It's worse than The Eternals, Thor: Love & Thunder, & all of the abysmal Disney+ crap. The 1st Dr. Strange was so good, & they ruined it. Much like Thor, they made him a joke in his own movie. They pushed him aside to bolster a horrible character in America Chavez. The movie is chock full of "mcguffins". It's constantly being said "that's impossible...except"...except there is this, & except there is that, & my favorite "that's supposes to be impossible. Yeah except that we did it". It's just terrible writing, some of the worst I've ever been subjected to. God help us all if this is what Marvel is going to be from here on out. If so...they need to take the dog out behind the shed...and... well...you know. 

Don't waste your time. Just rewatch Civil War, Infinity Wars, or Endgame.
fun not as good as the 1st but wilder and again funnier
It was messy, but it got there. Kind of a clunky construction, but ultimately it worked for me. I love Sam Raimi and I think he did a nice job of understanding the main character while bending the universe toward his style.
Doctor strange is my favorite MCU character. This movie was an absolute abomination. They did my man dirty.
Great movie. But I was hoping to see few more cameos.
Another Incredible Multiverse Movie! The cameos were great! Very enjoyable!
It's a good movie but some of the characters are kind of dumb. If they were smarter the movie would have been a lot shorter. Main problem is the plot armor for Wanda it's a little ridiculous
Not a strong as the first movie but still very well done
Expectations aside, this movie was a lot of fun.
82/100 you did Krasinski Dirty.
Com exceção do final do filme, onde a América consegue controlar o poder dela sem muita explicação, o filme é incrível. Atuações ótimas dos dois protagonistas aliás.
Better called wandavison 2, she was the real star of this movie, I just hope she returns, please let her return
A good look at the MCU Multiverse what else can we say but enjoy the reveals and plot devices that drive the MCU?
Wanda saved the WHOLE movie. Loved how "crazy" she was and how she killed everyone just to be with her children! That's a REAL mother right there! WE WANT MORE SCARLET WITCH!
Wanda....thats all....MOMMYY
I am disgusted with this movie. Not for a moment did he keep up with the level to which Marvel has accustomed us. Poor special effects as well as the script itself.
A thrilling addition to the MCU that uses special effects in whole new ways, this is an incredible spectacle with an average plot.
Although this movie is kind of ridiculous at times, I actually really enjoyed it. This movie has some great cameos and awesome action. This was a good and fun multiverse movie.
Though not always evenly paced, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness carries Sam Raimi's distinct touch, offering a fun (and sometimes scary) and visually thrilling experience.
Not as good as the previous Doctor Strange, but Wanda makes a great semi-villain and the horror elements are excellent
I wouldn't watch it again unless I was threatened in which case I would watch it and realize I was probably too harsh on it
Scarlet Witches powers are very incoherent with any other movie from the MCU.
In both Infinity War and Endgame, she was pretty much useless, yet in this movie, she vaporised people and actually altered reality.

Dr. Strange himself was very awkward aswell, when in one movie he uses amazing powers, in this one he resorts to the most useless magics he possesses.

Plus, the first octopus monster looks like it came from a movie from the channel "Syfy", PS1 worthy demon CGI. 

Don't recommend.
One day Marvel movies will be taught as a religion because superheros are basically modern day gods and goddesses. "Dr. Strange Multiverse of Madness" (like so many other Marvel movies) delivers such a powerful; uplifting message its almost spiritual. And the similarities between Strange and Scarlet Witch make them an incredible duo. They should marry these 2 off and make a Strange/Wanda love child!!!!!
Great action, interesting plot and amazing villain.
the idea of the multiverse was pretty underutilized in this movie, which was disappointing, but elizabeth olsen's performance was great
Now I definitely liked this movie when I saw it in theaters for the first time, but after watching it a second time I absolutely hated it. I might have been blinded by the hype or something but this movie tries to be good by throwing out a few cameos with the illuminati.
Huge swing eclipsed by a bigger miss. expected so much more out of a movie with Elizabeth Olsen and Benedict Cumberbatch and their respective, fan favorite characters ( Wanda and Dr. Strange). The cameos were cool but short and the movie doesn't really lives up to its name. We only see 2 universes and I feel like we should have seen a lot more of that. Overall it was a forgettable mess.
Much more dark and emotional than other MCU movies so it can kinda do its own thing but it also has to build the multiverse saga which can make it a bit to much.
This wasn't the worst Phase 4 movie in the MCU, but it was definitely the most disappointing.
I really liked the story telling and the connection with "Across the Spider-Verse and Into the Spider-Verse".
Alright I’m sorry but this is TERRIBLE and demonic and weird. By far the worst marvel movie of all time.
Average film, doesn't match up to Phase 1, 2 or 3 Marvel but is worth a watch, could have been so much better.
I knocked out missed half the movie didn't get my attention 😒
Really good story and I loved how dark it got.
Sam Rami returns to Marvel to direct a film in the MCU and doesn't really quite deliver especially on the quality that he had brought to the table with his Spider-Man trilogy. Benedict Cumberbatch returns to play the master of the mystic arts and continues to bring the great performance he always gives to the character, and Elizabeth Olson does a good job of showing how far Wanda has fallen since the events of both Avengers: Infinity War and Wandavision. Rami does decide to take the film to a much darker place which is a change of heart for the MCU, but attempting to take a more mature route toward the movie doesn't necessarily make it better. The development of Strange and Wanda is good for the most part, but besides those two characters, none of the other side characters are all that interesting which is a problem when they are essential to the plot of the film. As great as some of the few visual sequences are, there are also a lot more unfinished and very poorly looking sequences; way too many. And what might be the biggest problem with this film is its dive into the multiverse and in doing so Rami provides little to no explanation of how this universe works which makes the story hard to follow. This also allows for more convenient storytelling and for them to bring in any cameo character that the fans demand, which is lazy writing.
While Sam Raimi's style of film-making is a breath of fresh air and the darker horror elements of the Scarlet Witch make the Doctor Strange sequel unique, the film is undeserving of its name as there wasn't a whole lot of multiverse or madness.
Aproveitando a onda de sucesso da série WandaVision, e o ensejo do seu multiverso, aliou com o multiverso do Doutor Estranho, tornando Vanda vision a grande vilã, apesar de justificada, afinal uma mãe é capaz de tudo por seus filhos, seja eles reais ou não, muito bom... Razoável... Adorei a reunião dos Iluminatis com a presença do nosso ilustre Professor Xavier... "Sonhos são janelas para a vida de nossas versões multiversais" em algum lugar nossos sonhos e pesadelos são reais... Amoooo
WHY? God WHY? It is just another victim of the pandemic!
I was very surprised. I was expecting Spider-Man 3 terrible, but idk what all the critics had that were complaints. This film did an amazing job of how chaotic a powerful villain would be. Amazing acting, awesome action sequences, VFX we’re done really well. Highly suggest finishing the show Wanda Vision before seeing this film, the story takes place after the show ends.
This movie was fun I enjoyed the scary part of this movie and enjoyed the gross crazy deaths of the illuminati but was kinda alright
this film is very good visually, the only thing that left me wanting was the script, but it's not something to take 2 or more stars, 4 stars is great!
Lots to love in this Marvel Multiverse Saga.
Under Sam Raimi's direction, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a darker addition to the MCU that offers lots of visual spectacle and action. Throughout the movie, the visuals are incredible and the humor is top notch. America Chavez is a wonderful addition to the MCU. Wanda is an absolutely amazing villain due to her clear motivations (wanting to be with her kids), incredible ruthlessness, and immense power. Her immense power raises the stakes, requiring the use of the multiverse to stop her. The multiverse is handled well, allowing for some fun cameos from other marvel properties and making an epic battle between two Doctor Stranges. The music is consistently amazing as well, especially in the Doctor Strange battle. The movie ends on a high note, with Zombie Strange being very awesome and America ultimately being able to redeem Wanda was a fitting ending. Easily one of the best additions to the MCU!
It was actually pretty decent, although It felt more like a Scarlet Witch movie more than a Dr Strange movie. It feels that the writers aren't able to inject enough life into the titular character and instead have to fill in the gaps with whatever other characters they can pull from the vast IP of Marvel to fill whatever.
Muy malo no se que tiene de multiversos de la locura, la peor película de Marvel
This could've been really good and would've like to see more of the Illuminati. Not marvels best work.
Regular develope for an amazing storie.
great 😃👍 , Sam Raimi added atmosphere to this Marvel movie!
A bit of a mess but enjoyable.
Doctor strange in the multiverse of madness is an Action/Adventure movie. It was realesed in 2022.
Everything starts when a girl named America is running of Scarlet Witch because she is interested in the girl's powers.
In my opinion, this movie is excelent, it has a big plot twist in the end.
   I think you should watch this movie because it is very interesting.
I just want to enjoy a good movie. I just want to be entertained. I do not want to be lectured in order to accept a family with two moms as the new normal.
I loved Christine 838
Surprised I sat through the whole thing. What's with the third eye?? The character arch they Wanda was awful. If she had all these powers, why couldn't she defeat Thanos on her own.
It was an below average film. Sam Raimi done his job good. The characterisation of every character in this film is very weak. Wanda Maximoff characterisation is too weak and the end of that character is silly.
This was a way better movie than Love and Thunder
It was an okay movie.
I couldn't wait for this movie to finish. One of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. Only stuck with it for the sake of the MCU storyline.
Too many woke ideas in this movie. 
Also, lazy writing as far as the actual story is concerned. 
This movie felt like an eternity - boring and also rage inducing.
Dr. Strange and Wanda going through the multiverse. Continues where Wandavision left off.
I can't even explain how unbelievably excited I got when I found out sam raimi was directing this! Well i was not disappointed to say the least! It was an amazing movie full of action & suspense from start to finish!
A really good one , but lacks to full fill its potential & stand up to the title.
Wildly underrated and my favorite MCU movie to date, I highly recommend
영상미가 아름다웠음
드라마를 안보면 스토리가 안이어지는게 좀 아쉽다
professor xavier bald
Bastante buena de principio a fin.
Cheesy, typical tropes by marvel but at least there was a zombie scene
This is a Sam Rami film in the MCU. It has horror, it has cameos, and it has a whole lot of style.
Probably one of my favourites, despite the Sam Raimi corniness (which is found in all his work). I found Doctor Strange's journey to learn that he doesn't always need to be the one holding the scalpel very good. Elizabeth Olsen is able to inject some sympathy into the deliciously evil Scarlet Witch, but she does slightly overshadow the title character.
MULTIVERSE OF MADNESS is the best movie i have ever wacthed.
Is this a superhero movie or a really bad zombie movie? I'm personally leaning towards the latter. The only redeeming quality is the acting, which is excellent, but the plot was horrendous. Everything achieved by Elizabeth Olsen in Wanda Vision feels unimportant after watching this movie.
Too many irrelevant plot points and characters.
It was ok. Not bad at all. I dont know what the whole stars and stripes angle was about.
the answer we always sought for... what happens when one of the strongest women stop taking her daily pills? the multiverse of madness.
fajny film, widzieć 4 wersje Benedicta w roli Strange'a jest ciekawie
It physically hurts my brain that the average person finds this movie, in any way, good.  I fear that Idiocracy is becoming more and more a documentary about the average person.  Some day soon, the top grossing film will just be called "Ass", and it will be two hours and thirty minutes of someone's ass on the screen that sneaks out a little fart now and then.  People will be astonished and amazed at its deep themes and quality storytelling.  It will be raited a 86% on the leading movie critic sites and most of the reviews will be how good the movie is.  This film is just barely above equivalent of that, yet here we are.  The concept that anyone found entertainment out of this has given me an existential crisis about the future of humanity and how doomed we are that this is deemed an acceptable film.  How it was even released in its current state can only be attributed to the fundimental lack of even the minimum amount of intelligence any human should display.
it was a weird movie but a great movie
benedict cumberbatch performance was amazing!!
Very fun, was surprised with how much they were able to fit in there. My only nitpick was keeping the one girl character's name "America" was kind of silly. But then again, she was in the comics with that name.
Great movie. This multi-universe stuff is crazy. I wish I could be a part of this in real life. It would be so awesome.
While not being the movie I was hoping for, this one brings all kinds of Madness to the Multiverse (sorry, i had to). Sam Raimi brings us one of the most unique MCU films to date with it being littered with all kinds of Raimi tropes that fans of his will love to point out. The story starts and moves at a very brisk pace which makes for all kinds of action and fun, but the movie stumbles when it comes to mashing this oversized story into a 2 hour run time. Parts of the story feel more fleshed out while others moments are just glanced over. But with those problems, Multiverse of Madness gives MCU fans a crazy but fun time.
Definitely one of the weakest MCU movies in my opinion, however saying that I didn't think the first Doctor strange was all that good either, was it the storyline or was it just because I thoroughly dislike Benedict Cumberbatch. I would argue the only reedeming parts of this movie were Elizabeth Olsen and Xochitl Gomez, who definitely tried their best, however even though they tried their best, it didn't make up for the fact this film was bland and in my opinion? You're not missing anything if you give this movie a miss.
This movie has its moments which I did enjoy. I really wish they would have done more with the multiverse. A fun movie to watch at least once. I won't find it on my rewatch list like most of earlier MCU movies.
So much wasted potential and they made the Illuminati look like the most stupid group of individuals when they should be the complete opposite
https://youtu.be/b1vCgWhIyNc
While it certainly was strange, it was a good sequel and even added in some new characters and also tied in some previous characters from other movies which made it more interesting. Great cast and I can't wait for the next installment which looks to add some more interesting characters and bizarre multi-verse scenes.
Looking at the OG spider man trilogy you would expect a little more from Sam Raimi. We can clearly see that hes trying to do something different with the editing etc but with such a brilliant actors as Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth freakin Olsen it's pretty disappointing.
it was a good movie also there was 1 jumpscare from wanda!
After over 27 films the Marvel Cinematic Universe reaches new and daring heights It’s also officially been 20 years since the original ‘Spider-Man’ hit theaters setting the bar for comic book filmmaking and so much has changed since then from storytelling to actors to effects to real-world parallels Now ‘Evil Dead’ director Sam Raimi officially returns to the genre after directing the first ‘Spider-Man’ film back in 2002 and 15 years since ‘Spider-Man 3’ ended the trilogy Many believed he would never come back to this genre but after the success of ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ he’s back with a new unique vision The rest of the MCU is now laid out to go on even more crazy, mind-bending adventures Picking up 6 years after the first ‘Doctor Strange’ and right after the events of ‘No Way Home’ Benedict Cumberbatch returns as the Sorcerer Supreme His co-worker Christine Palmer has married another man and he doubts whether he can be truly happy based on his past actions Because of his actions desecrating reality and almost destroying the multiverse he has to answer for it in one way or another Chiwetel Ejiofor makes his return too as disgraced Karmitage member Karl Mordo; last we saw him he turned his back on everything after learning how the Ancient One abused her power and how Strange tampered with the fabric of reality bringing down Kaciellus and Dormammu Mordo now feels that the only solution to right what’s wrong with this world is to get rid of all sorcerers entirely This means though Strange will need the help of disgraced Avenger Wanda Maximoff aka Scarlett Witch; she’s reeling from the damage she left behind in ‘WandaVision’ brainwashing the town of Westview dealing with the pain of losing the synthetic android Vision She discovered her powers rivaled that of Doctor Strange herself from the Book of the Damned or the Darkhold that tempts those who touch it spelling out her destiny to destroy the world But after tapping deeper into her abilities Strange believes she can do some actual good Despite the fact that when Strange breaks the rules he’s viewed as a hero and when she takes action she’s viewed as the enemy Strange has been having dreams about a young girl being chased by demons summoned to destroy her but are they just dreams? Also joining the ranks is Xochitl Gomez as America Chavez, a 15 year old queer girl who also has unique abilities for hopping into different dimensions as well as super strength, speed, and durability She’s a lost pilgrim separated from her parents unable to control her powers but Strange might be the guidance she needs Strange encounters new oddities such as a giant one-eyed creature called Gargantos, an evil version of himself, and what looks like the Illumanti which according to comics mythology were a collective think tank; each met in secret for a number of years sharing information and strategy, operating relatively successfully initially, despite their unique traits and considerable differences in nearly every way to keep the multiverse in check Strange is brought before them to essentially answer for his actions The idea of dream-walking is also introduced for mystical beings to inhabit others across multiverses and when we dream other versions of ourselves exist simultaneously in a parallel universe which leads Strange to do the unthinkable to protect all the multiverses and Chavez An artifact called the Book of Vishanti might also be the key to ridding the Darkhold’s influence I gotta say that this is quite a different entry than the first movie It's amazing how much of Sam Raimi's signature style is here; everything from the tilted camera angles, the body horror, the extreme zoom-ins, and the kooky score by Danny Elfman Traveling across the multiverse is quite the extravaganza too with the various dimensions from a technology-based environment to a world of dinosaurs to a cartoon world to even a place where everyone is made of paint Heck they even designate Strange’s world as Earth-616 Plus we come full circle with Wanda Maximoff's personal journey her feeling desperate yet intimidating to get what she wants; can she be happier elsewhere despite having all this power at her disposal? Or will the prophechized Scarlett Witch take hold? So many crazy references to the comics storylines with the Illumanti and the inclusion of other elements from various Strange stories I expected something a bit grander in scale but everything is blissfully entertaining Gomez as Chavez is pretty cool, Cumberbatch continues to impress as this title character exploring his personality being controlling and condescending, and the effects are meant to be seen on the big screen with all their dazzling wizardry as it were The younger viewers might be scared at certain points but it shows the MCU pushing more of the boundaries and they keep it appropriately dark without relying too heavily on corny humor Stinks too that Rachael McAdams feels a bit underutilized and we can't spend more time in these other dimensions But 28 movies in and Marvel Studios still gets the job done expanding more of the acid-trip inducing, mind-bending elements what made these comics pop off the page Mothers create magic all the time, are we truly happier living our lives we only know for certain?, hypocrisy can only get us so far, we should know that our families will always be loved no matter what reality they exist, Dreams are windows into the lives of our multiversal selves ‘Multiverse of Madness’ is an insane trip through the senses as well as a cerebral experience from beginning to end Not one of the strongest MCU entries but truly the most insane one that works as a very personal and human story Raimi has navigated around the Disneyfication of the brand so this isn’t your average comic book film…it’s very comic book-like Messy and chaotic for sure but crazy in entertaining fashion
I love Dr Strange character, but in this movie the spotlight is taken by the Scarlet Witch, also the multiverse scene was really good but it lasted only a couple of minutes. I would have loved to see more of this.
Soooo much better than the critics said. Ignore the boring old men and watch for a great time!
Elizabeth Olsen is amazing in the Scarlet Witch rol, it's a pleasure to see her performance in this movie and for me is a win. 🔥👑
The greatest 02 hours: and 06 minutes ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sam Raimi was born to direct a Dr. Strange movie.  I had a blast from start to finish!
Holy tit and nips I LOVED THIS MOVIE!!!! Screw the haters this MOVIE IS SOOOOO GOOD!!!!
First MCU horror, loved it, plot and action had many director personality
The movie complies if you keep in mind that it is Doctor Strange 2 and not a multiverse movie. The photography and music is good, especially a fight scene with musical notes. Elizabeth Olsen is fantastic as the scarlet witch. The bad point of the movie is that few universes are known and America Chavez has a last moment power-up.
Panfleto ideológico, debió llamarse america Chávez buscando a sus 2 mamás en el multiverso. 
No hubo nada de multiverso.
I Would More Mr. Fantastic And Professor X Fighting Scenes Other Than That It Was Excellent! 💖💖💖💖💖💖
I had too much expectation on this film. But it doesn't exceeded my expectations. It is neither worst nor great. Sometimes it's a bit of both of you had expectations. So low down your expectations you may like it. But Legendary Director Sam Raimi done his Job Great. The main problem in this film is plot and overstuffed characters.
Wanda was worth it. Though they made me angry when she died. But overall this whole multiverse theme is too much insanity that just corrupts the storyline rather than enhances it. I wish they weren't pursuing the multiverse route now for the overall Marvel universe.
It didn't give us the madness that the title suggested, but it outshines its predecessor in many ways.
Ridiculous movie that ruined a well developed character by devolving him to his worst self and showing that he was evil in nearly all universes. Story was insultingly bad, unlikable characters with no redeeming qualities.
This is a good movie as itself. Love the horror spin. However, they seemed to of back tracked on the character progression of the Scarlett witch that happened during her Disney series, which made things kinda pointless. The cameos were great! And appreciated.
Pretty solid marvel movie. Definitely me of the more dark ones.
Amazing director, incredibly subpar slog of a film
Great special effects, very bad story.
seemed a bit boring compared to the others. cast didnt seem to bring the same energy as other marvel or even doctor strange titles
It's not the craziness we were sold in the trailers, but it's a very mature Marvel movie, compared to what it's been giving us lately. It has an unbeatable villain, very good plot and incredible characters (although I didn't like America Chavez). Excellent cameos. Awesome!
Worst Marvel movie by far.
It was everything I wanted and so much more. It was incredibly dark & macabre and I loved every minute of it.  
🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿
Well, This Movie was Very Good! The Movie Had A lot Of Plot Twists And everything. I'd Say if you're into unexpected events, Then this show is for you. For Those Elizabeth Olsen Lovers, This Movie Is Her Most Played In, Her Visual Effects Are Amazing And Her acting is on point! Overall It's Just a really Great Movie So I 10/10 Should watch It!
This movie had a weak plot and over reliance on flashy special effects.
Most sequels don't live up to the original movie but this is a rare exception!
One of my favourite marvel movies ever! Very interesting
Terrible just just terrible terrible and terrible. The movie only show us one universe that Dr strange died and the scarlet witch was the villain and the movie made no sense
Decent action film that wastes its universe traveling concept.
I thought it was cool.  Scarlett Witch kicking but was awesome.  Dark but lots of magic
this film is incredible
It's a good movie with great special effects. Taking phase 4 of the MCU into account this is one of the best movies
The movie is good but America Chaves is a bad character and the actress for her is terrible as well.
Enjoyed the movie. Benedict is owning the doctor strange character at the moment.
O filme é legal, porém deixou a desejar em alguns aspectos como o CGI que realmente pecou em alguns momentos.
Alguns vilões importante que foram derrotados de forma muito rápida, sem a emoção da luta.
Algumas lutas sendo totalmente estranhas e sem graça, onde era para ser as lutas épicas.
Mas em geral o uso do filme para mesclar um pouco a sensação de terror, deixou com que o filme se torne interessante, mas apenas isso.
Man, I'm going to lie, I wasn't going to watch this. Then I did, and I'm never watching it again because if I do, it won't remain a 5-star movie in my mind.
The MEH-tiverse is getting old. I'm sure these storylines were much more interesting in the books, but the MCU could use a new schtick.
I loved the first film, and therefore had high expectations for the sequel. Within the first 5 minutes I knew I was in for a rough ride. Strange is a shell of the character from the first film and the infinity saga. Woke Disney got their hands on this franchise and it shows. The CGI is horrendous, the plot never gets off the ground, the illuminati were built up in trailers only to be gobsmacked immediately upon arriving on screen. Wanda is not the same character from previous movies or her tv series. Character power and abilities fluctuate constantly. More trash from Disney MCU.
Yikes. 
I know that the title implies a multiverse full of madness, but we weren't prepared for that! Watching the movie right in opening week with a group of 8 Marvel Fans, none of us liked where the movie was going. There is just to much Chaos and to many possibilities for it the be good. Like many new marvel movies, we felt like both good and bad guys where absolutely overpowered. What fun is there to a movie where it is clear and very much stated from the first moment that the bad guy is capable of destroying everything with the pure will to do so and is to be stopped by no one. Not to mention that the story of the bad guy was absolutely not believable and super weired. I lost interest in the first minutes because everything that was done by any character Semmel unnecessary from the start, cause every action and consequence could be wiped out imediatly without any real struggle. The ending was awful als well. Why does marvel think that killing or otherwise destroying every likeable charakter left in its universe is the right way to keep people coming to the movies? At some point poor Tom Holland isn't gonna help them anymore and then they are left with no hero's, annoying bad guys and no plot because in the multiverse why do you need a plot? Everything can and will happen in every possible way anyways.
This movie felt like watching Sam Raimi get whipped by Kevin Feige & Marvel Execs into submission of the company's vision instead of letting Raimi reign free to finally give us an enthralling film that could push Marvel into the direction of possible horror. I'm sure Marvel Zombies, when and if ever that happens will be about as fluffy as a Funko pop, just like this TOTAL LETDOWN.
I understand the criticisms about this movie, I just don't care. This movie has a scene where two wizards fight using songs. It's amazing!
Despite many decent creative sequences and a great Scarlet Witch, DS2 fails to live up to its name with a narrative that's too basic and notably cut in the editing room.
This movie is pretty good and I like that it was scary and violent. The movie needed to be longer though.
This was visually superb and a very fun movie. I liked the villain twist and the jumpscares were pretty good for a PG-13 movie. The Illuminati were fun to see but wasted, however, their deaths were very creative and unsettling. America Chavez was a pretty cool character and I was surprised by that fact. You can tell that Sam Raimi didn't write the script but he did the best that he could and I have huge respect for him as a director. Overall, it was a fun thrilling superhero movie with some incredible visuals but not so great storytelling....
Confusing. No laughs, no horror (horror??? where???) , full of clichés about mothers, no intelligent humor. Bad screenplay. Bad directing. Too bad, the first Doctor Strange was delicious. I will not see any other film directed by Raimi.
Visually and tonally somewhat distinct from other recent Marvel movies, but a traditionally undercooked plot keeps it from joining the genre's best. Cameo appearances are mostly wasted, but the biggest waste is that we only really get to visit one other universe, which is extremely similar to our own. A real missed opportunity for sure, but worth watching for eye candy at least once.
You can definitely see a lot of Sam Raimi in this movie, BUT you can definitely see a lot of studio interference in this movie as well and it's not for the better. 

In this sequel, the title character has no growth and takes a back seat to other characters, most of the plot points are extremely forced by bad writing direction and the heavily-marketed cameos are over as quick as they start. I'm a sucker for a good cameo and even these were severely disappointing. 

As you'd expect from a movie about magic-users, it was very fun to look at and the stars definitely put on a good performance for what they were given, but without a decent story to back it up, it makes for a very "meh" movie.
I'm my opinion this is way better than the first Doctor stranger , this would be a 10/10 movie but I hate what they did with the Illuminati. Practically killed them as soon as they were introduced. Poor John, i wanted him as Mr Fantastic .
With "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness," Marvel Studios produced their first horror film. The (intentional) chaos reigns, which is probably only thanks to Sam Raimi's direction (almost) perfectly balanced, even if some characters were given too little space due to the mass of show values.
aunque le haga falta mas importancia a dr strange en su propio filme realmente me encanto el estilo de sam raimi en esta película ,wanda totalmente brutal como villana ,dr strange realmente logra su subtrama sentimental pero lo unico q me molesta es que se haya tocado tan poco el multiverso auq lo tocado fue para mi brutal ,buena estética y ambientación y muy entretenida y intrigantemente  terrorífica
This movie is a movie that doesn’t focus on doctor strange, it focuses on the scarlet witch. I like the scarlet witch but this is a doctor strange movie. This movie doesn’t lead up to its name “multiverse of madness” the new character America Chavez had bad acting and overall the movie doesn’t have “Good” acting.
This is the best film in phase 4 because sam raimi directs this mcu film like its a horror film while still having mcu style stuff in it, the special effects in this are great, the acting in this is great, this is a good mcu film.
I watched this even after being told not to. This movie was a big upset to all of the haters who downsized it! Though they tried too hard to make America Chavez a funny teenage kid, sometimes to the point of making one cringe, Benedict Wong's dramatic portrayals definitely more than made up for it. Wong was no longer subject of comedic relief attempts and a joke here and there. Now, he is actually crucial to the plot and his dramatic portrayal, and his convincing performances were notable. Sam Raimi was great at keeping us on our feet. Especially, during the infamous Illuminati scene. A lot of great actors' cameos and references definitely add to the greatness factor of the film. I give it a solid 93%
Shamefully incongruent with the larger MCU.  This Scarlett Witch may be true to the comics but this iteration of Wanda is completely removed from the character they've built in the MCU.  It is very clear that the people in charge of this movie didn't watch and do not care about the Wanda from Wandavision, because whoever this is, she isn't that same character.  If simply touching the Darkhold corrupts someone so completely to render them a different person altogether then they should have clarified that better.  A few awesome CGI scenes are not enough to redeem downright lazy storytelling.  I could elaborate but this movie simply doesn't deserve any more of my time.
I love Sam Rami and I do like the parts with the Illuminati and with Sinister Strange. But I hate the fact that Wanda became the main antagonist, that she killed off the Ilumanati, and that she didn't think about Vision...but only her kids just to capture America Chavez for that!

I believe Scott Derrickson's cut with the original script would've been much better to and to have it more scary, and have Nightmare become the main antagonist. It would still be fine if either Sam Rami or Scott Derrickson would direct this film but to have a better screenwriter after what Michael Waldron wrote.
The beautiful performance of Elizabeth Olsen and Benedict Cumberbatch does not save this film that starts a mess and ends even worse.  A script that when it's not fanservice, it's a mediocre cliche!  an underutilization of talents in a messy story with a dull twist.
Nothing special.  Should have called it Wanda
Great way better then the first dr strange and a lot better then most of the current movies/tv shows.
Great marvel movie. Can't wait for more multiverse!
This was a movie where it didn't focus on Doctor Strange, it focuses on The scarlet witch. And makes Doctor strange seem very weak like he gets knocked out with one hit. The new character America Chavez had bad acting and overall the whole movie doesn't have good acting. But the good things are The scarlet witch, she was the big bad she was scary, cool, and way more! She Carrie's this movie. But you should go check it out!
Marvel What If...? Was way better in terms of storyline than this movie. It had potential but it was too busy making Strange and Scarlet Witch irrelevant to matter. I wanted to like this but it seems like this multiverse thing just makes everyone expendable. Not on board.
This film is buried under a mountain of overused tropes and excessively dramatic action sequences that make it feel less believable than it predecessors. The plot doesn't ask, plead, or even beg us to care about an obnoxious teen with mysterious power they haven't learned to control yet (never seen that before, right?) Instead it tries to force us and we react with resentment. The attempt fails, and so the plot fails with it.
Olsen's performance is decent but everyone else is either over-the-top campy or amateurish.
It was freakin AWESOME! It really felt like a Doctor Strange film, had so much magic and madness to it, had a lot of horror vibes, the acting, characters, camera work and visual effects were absolutely amazing. Liked it more than I did the first Doctor Strange movie and it definitely met expectations! 8/10 is my rating for Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange In The Multiverse of Madness.
Elizabeth olsen was amazing
Una película que asombra con sus deslumbrantes efectos especiales y tiene un ambiente tétrico. Sam Raimi ha realizado una increíble película que en ciertos momentos se siente el aura de Evil Dead. Incluso esta película también tiene elementos y guiños que recuerdan a las obras de Lovecraft. Hasta el mismo titulo es una referencia a la novela "En Las Montañas De La Locura". La banda sonora de Danny Elfman es maravillosa dándole un buen ambiente al film. El guion es algo cuestionable que pude dejar dudas, pero cuando se trata del multiverso, no hay lugar para la lógica. Strange no llega a hacer mucho y es sorprendente que Wanda llegue a ser la antagonista por haber sido corrompida por el Darkhole el cual usa la gran debilidad de Wanda que es el deseo de tener una familia. Puede que no sea lo que algunos esperaban, pero sin duda esta película es otro gran inicio para explorar el multiverso y por eso la califico con un 10/10.
The movie does not live up to its namesake, but the Illuminati is handled perfectly, Wanda as the villain works SUPER well. Again- overused CGI, and feels a touch underwhelming, but I like this movie.
It was complicated at times but still a pretty good movie.
when saw this movie opening night I had a lot of hope when I first watched this movie, some of the things I wanted to happen did happen but the writer did not know what there were doing, the original script was better and I want sam rami to write and direct the next doctor strange movie. Elizabeth Olsen as a scarlet witch was amazing and her performance carried the movie, doctor strange seemed weak in the movie but he was cool hopefully doctor strange is more powerful in the 3rd movie.  America Chavez was interesting and wanted her to do more than just scream and act like she has no idea what she is doing. the trailers showed too much and the title of the movie is misleading. I do like this doctor strange movie more than the first but not by much. CGI was great not as bad as people make it seem.
This is a pretty great one. It makes watching Wanadavision worth it. This and No Way Home are the highlights of the current MCU scene. The acting is great, the story is great, the effects are great. The only things keeping me from loving it are the length, and my overall love for the Dr. Strange character. He's just not ever going to be on the same level as spider-man or some of the others in my mind, so I know that I won't revisit his stories as much. And at around 2 and a half hours, this is just too long. Even though everything in it is good, there can be too much of a good thing. Almost no movie has justification for being more than 2 hours in my opinion, and this one is not an exception. 7.5/10
They wasted a good villain of doctor strange Shuma-Gorath.
i like how powerful scarlet switch is, and doctor strange adventure with america chavez
A fun movie but did not use multiverse enough.
I'm sorry I ever watched this. Olsen's acting is fully wasted and the dark turn to the MCU isn't something I needed. I can go elsewhere for horror. I came for inspiration, action, and fun, and this movie had maybe action.
The fact that Wanda it is the main villain of this movie after the events of Wanda Vision, it is only a proof of how disconnected and out of focus the MCU it is right now.
For a film that had to assume its "Multiverse" side for us, I find that it really doesn't take a lot of risk. Apart from using the fan base, nothing is really exploited. Switching the green and red light is the only idea they had to say that we were "changing the universe"...
Dirección, actuación y personajes indescriptiblemente buenos, trama y villana excelente, tanto que empatizas y medio entiendes a Wanda como villana, efectos especiales buenísimos y no muy predecible, una de mis favoritas.
Great directing from Raimi but a really weak script.
I didnt like the story and the ending with the third eye is just weird. Disney is destroying one of their best characters. Hope they do better.
First, I can see why people will dislike this movie. Whether they over-hyped the movie (wanting certain cameos or events to occur) or they got confused by director Sam Raimi's unique storytelling sensibilities, this movie will not be for everyone. But if you look past those "issues", this is an emotional, mind-bending wild ride of a movie. Definitely worth a watch...
a good installment to the mcu.  Lots to try to keep track of but bright things together well.
…………………………...
7.5/10
Villains look like they were from Spy Kids (no shade to Spy Kids though). And the musical note fight lost me
I never liked Wanda's character before this movie. I think she makes a better villain than heroine.  Reminded me of Dark Phoenix from the comics---genuinely scary.  Sam Raimi is a master director as usual.  Nice story about an exceptional man who still has some flaws and limitations, but learns a little about how to deal with them. Very nice glimpses into other universes with some different power players in them. Feels like a high point in the dismal Phase Bore (along with SM No Way Home). I saw it right after Black Adam, so that comparison helped my opinion a lot!
Really enjoy not only the actor but the story! Went in with low expectations after loving the first movie and i was surprised to see that it was Just as good as the first movie.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a visually stunning and mind-bending film that takes the Marvel Cinematic Universe to new heights. The film explores the themes of reality, alternate dimensions, and the power of the mind. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is the sequel to Doctor Strange (2016) and the 28th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It is directed by Sam Raimi, who is known for his horror and comedy films, such as The Evil Dead trilogy and Spider-Man trilogy. The film stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Stephen Strange, a former neurosurgeon who becomes a master of mystic arts after a car accident. He teams up with America Chavez (Xochitl Gomez), a teenage girl who can travel across multiverses; Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), a powerful witch who can manipulate reality; Wong (Benedict Wong), Strange's friend and fellow sorcerer; and Mordo (Chiwetel Ejiofor), Strange's former ally turned enemy. They face multiple threats from various dimensions, including evil versions of themselves.

The film has many positive aspects, such as the stunning visual effects, the thrilling action sequences, the nostalgic callbacks to previous MCU films, and the witty dialogue. The film also explores some dark and complex themes, such as grief, madness, identity, and morality. The film benefits from Raimi's distinctive style and vision, which adds a touch of horror and humor to the MCU formula.

The acting by Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange is excellent, bringing depth and nuance to the character. The supporting cast, including Elizabeth Olsen as Scarlet Witch, also deliver strong performances.

The direction by Sam Raimi is masterful, with visually stunning action sequences that are both thrilling and trippy. The score and sound design are also noteworthy, adding to the film's overall sense of otherworldly intrigue.

The cinematography is breathtaking, with imaginative and beautiful visuals that will leave audiences in awe. The production design is equally impressive, creating a fully realized multiverse that is both fantastical and believable.

The special effects are top-notch, bringing the film's supernatural elements to life in a way that is both convincing and exciting. The editing is seamless, keeping the pace of the film fast and engaging.

The dialog is smart and witty, with plenty of references and nods to the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe.

The film also has some negative aspects, such as a convoluted and rushed plot, a lack of character development for some characters, an overreliance on fan service, and some tonal inconsistencies. The film tries to juggle too many elements and characters at once, resulting in a lack of focus and emotional impact. The film also suffers from some plot holes and inconsistencies with previous MCU films.


In conclusion, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a must-see film for fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and anyone who loves mind-bending, visually stunning action films. The film pushes the boundaries of what is possible in superhero films and will leave audiences feeling amazed and entertained. Overall, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is an entertaining and ambitious film that delivers on its promise of exploring the multiverse. It is a visually stunning spectacle that showcases Raimi's flair for horror and comedy. However, it is also a flawed film that struggles to balance its multiple storylines and characters. While it may not be the best MCU film, it is certainly one of the most enjoyable ones.
This  is Movie could've been better  . But it was a fun adventure.
I really didn't buy into Wanda being a villain even after seeing Wandavision.
Oh my god. This was Strange. It was defintely a Multiverse of Madness. I mean wow I loved this movie. The legendary director of Evil Dead and the Tobey Spider-Man Trilogy is back with Marvel but this was a whole new thing. The mix of Doctor Strange and Raimi's Horror Themes and Danny Elfman's Score and the beautiful camera work, you get a awesome movie. I just need to say holy crap The Illuminati = WOW! I won't spoil who in the Illuminati but if you've seen it then you know what I mean. Was the story a little rushed yes, if there was an extra 20 - 30 minutes than this movie may've been 5 stars. Once again the score was beautiful and the Visuals, Oscar Nomination worthy. All the Variants of Doctor Strange was so cool, each different while holding some similar aspects which I also won't spoil the main one. The introduction to America Chavez was amazing. Benedict Cumberbatch and Elisabeth Olsen's performances were amazing, as well as the rest of the cast. Look guys you can tell from this review I loved this movie so just go see it for yourself cause you'll love it too.
O filme é bom, mas o roteiro poderia ser melhor amarrado e os Illuminatis deveriam ser melhor aproveitados.
Marvel's multiverses are very confusing. Different version stories of the original one.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is what happens when the maker of the film isn't passionate enough. Michael Waldron creates a script and story. It has no character development for the main protagonist and doesn't seem to focus on him. Directing was good but it seemed like Sam Raimi focused more on Evil Dead references than the movie itself. Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness failed to tell a good story and create a good motive for the villain. This movie had lots of potential and WandaVision on Disney+ definitely made a lot more fans go in and watch it for Elizebeth Olsen. The problem is that this movie doesn't go to its full potential and becomes a huge disappointment. There were a lot more stories to explore. If you are just a causal viewer and don't watch a lot of Marvel movies I'd recommend it. If you are a huge MCU fan, you should watch it. It's fun but don't expect much.
I loved it! The show is dark, violent, and awesome! But, I didn't like the whole 2 mothers thing. But, other than that, the show was great!
Very nice begging of the multiverse
It was an amazing movie that had a fun fresh twist to Dr. Strange. He was fighting a friend who he once fought along side against the forces of evil. Weird how things out. This movie was amazingly bonkers.
Really enjoyed this Doctor Strange sequel, the deeper look into the character as we got a glimpse into the Multiverse. Wanda was fine, I find Elizabeth Olsen's acting to be a bit over the top when she plays Scarlett Witch lately (feels hollow). Favorite movie from the 2022 Summer.
the only thing i will say is that this movie is a work of art
It just felt like they were trying to squeeze so much into one movie, and we lost the usual character development Marvel has been known for in the past. The concepts were there but the pacing was all off.
Excelente película, muy llamativa la verdad
A slight improvement over Doctor Strange.
With Benedict Cumberbatch, Elizebeth Olsen and Benedict Wong all playing their roles we all know, especially right after Spider-Man No way Home which was in my opinion the best movie of 2021 I was expecting it to better then the original . But It wasn't ! With all the possibilities of the Multiverse I was expecting more madness.. It came up short of my expectations but in all reality still a decent film. On a side note John Krasinski as Reed Richards was a nice surprise.
Loved Wanda in this role. Messy plot at times & you can really see when reshoots took place in this movie. More hype than what the movie really is. Still a pretty good marvel entry considering what we have recently got. 
Overall:4/5
Boring plot, boring villain with negligible motivation, unlikable new characters - America Chavez added nothing to the movie (actively detracted from it) and is supposed to be a main character. The writers seem to think viewers would get super excited to see gender and race-swapped heroes of other realities in the universe. "What if Captain America was a British woman and then Scarlet Witch kills them?!" is pretty much the core of this movie.
For some reason RT won't let my review post.
Should be called Wanda in the Multiverse of Madness!! Spider-Man NWH set the bar for the multiverse in the MCU and Dr. Strange 2 didn't even come close to that bar. This movie also has pretty lousy CGI. What happened to the Marvel of 2021???
Sam Rami never disappoints, Scarlett witch, Wong & America are fantastic, constant rewatch, great baby step into the Multiverse, gimme more
i loved it brought some aspects from the comics house of M and i loved it it was a dark scary twist on the story it was a great lead up to more films in the next phase of marvel movies
Benedict Cumberbatch returns as sorcerer Steven Strange in Sam Raimi's action-packed addition to the MCU. Returning alongside Cumberbatch includes Elizabeth Olsen, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Benedict Wong, and Rachel McAdams, with ‘The Baby-Sitters Club' star Xochitl Gomez making her Marvel debut as America Chavez, a multiverse-travelling teen being hunted for her powers. Audiences are thrown straight into the action from the first scene, making for an entertaining two hours.

After the catastrophic events of ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home', Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) now has a new problem on his hands with the arrival of America Chavez (Xochitl Gomez). In order to help America and save her from the malevolent forces that are hunting her from across the multiverse, Strange must enlist the help of allies both old and new, and embark on a mind-boggling, psychedelic adventure. This chaotic quest will lead Strange on a collision course with one of the most powerful enemies he's ever come across.

‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' is a film that certainly lives up to its name, taking its characters on a wacky and terrifying trip across dozens of different universes. Sam Raimi returns from a nine-year hiatus to direct his first feature film since 2013's ‘Oz the Great and Powerful'. Raimi makes sure to leave his mark on the film, his unique directing style seeps through the traditional Marvel movie formula, creating a film that is both refreshing and entertaining. This 28th instalment leans more into the horror genre than its predecessors, with some things included that make you question the film's PG-13 age rating. Much like its 2016 precursor, ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness's explosive action sequences and mesmerising visual effects makes the film a perfect thing to watch on the big screen.

Fresh of a Best Actor nomination at the 94th Academy Awards, Benedict Cumberbatch delivers yet another strong turn as the titular character, taking on the task of playing not one, but four different versions of Steven Strange. Joining Cumberbatch is Elizabeth Olsen, who plays Wanda Maximoff/The Scarlet Witch. Olsen's new take on the character takes Wanda down a much darker path which is paved with loss and suffering as a mother desperate to get her children back. Her performance captures not only Wanda's pain and suffering, but also her sheer determination. With her Marvel debut, Xochitl Gomez gives a strong performance that excites and leaves you thoroughly anticipating her next appearance as America Chavez. ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' also features solid performances from the rest of its cast, including Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams and Benedict Wong.

The film also includes cameos of characters from previous Marvel projects including ‘Wandavision', ‘Captain Marvel', and ‘What If?' just to name a few. Fans of Marvel lore will be pleased as the film also marks the one of the very few times characters acquired after Disney's acquisition of Fox, make an appearance in the MCU. The film also brings one of the many fan castings floating around the internet to life, albeit only for a few minutes. Dedicated Marvel fans will also see that ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' comes as a result of a build up from many past MCU projects, including Disney+ shows ‘Loki', ‘Wandavision' and ‘What If?' and films including 2016's ‘Doctor Strange' and ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home'.

In typical Marvel fashion, the film's post credit scenes set up future Doctor Strange appearances and introduce new and exciting characters, with a certain Oscar-winning actress making her MCU debut as a mysterious sorceress. Iconic composer Danny Elfman makes his return after 2015's ‘Avenger: Age of Ultron', composing a chaotic and booming score that perfectly matches the film's frenzied action. Despite the film having an engaging story, new characters and intense stakes, ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' can't help but feel as a step down from some of Marvel's recent projects like ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' and the Disney+ series ‘Moon Knight', the latter of which being Oscar Isaac's MCU debut as a former Marine turned Egyptian hero who suffers with dissociative identity disorder.

Sam Raimi brings audiences an action-packed and emotional affair with his latest superhero flick. The acclaimed director brings an exciting story to the screen, fuelled by high stakes and explosive action sequences that leave you eager to see what Kevin Feige has up his sleeve. Strong performances and impressive visual effects gets Marvel's 2022 movie slate off to a fantastic start.
It is probably the worst movie I have seen in a long time.
Elizabeth Olsen and Benedict Cumberbatch try their best to work with the dull dialogue and nonsense writing but It was a mess. Do not get me wrong mean and evil Scarlet witch is a great Idea but like this... absolute rubbish.
The plot made absolutely no sense at all, it felt strange so congrats to that at least.
Necromancer Strange with the cloak of shadows was the only bit that I enjoyed.
Another example of a movie that was horribly written with no storyline that is interesting to follow. Movie was a lot of fun to watch though since it was very visually appealing. But come on are we just watching movies for production now can we really not write better movies Marvel? I mean Disney???
The movie was amazing! The performance given by both Benedict and Elizabeth was at the peak. Just wish it was a bit longer so I had more time to adore the beauty
As a whole Multiverse of Madness is an enjoyable and competent movie, but it gets undermined both by its lack of definition and its narrow scope amid infinity. Dr. Strange, as a character, is endlessly fascinating and brought to life by Benedict Cumberbatch's now lived-in performance. As a movie-goer though, one could be off-put by his powers and abilities. Spiderman is simple: he can shoot webs, he can stick to walls, he also has enhanced strength and precognitive reflexes (and some technical enhancements, especially considering Tom Holland's version). This simplicity grounds Spiderman and allows him to face some adversity due to his limitations. Dr. Strange, however, can do any number of random things in order to escape or prevail in a given situation in a way that winds up feeling inauthentic and occasionally lazy. It is, of course, possible that each and every bit of magical prowess on display has canonical reason, but this review can only speak for how the results can be interpreted by a non-reading viewer. It was still a visual spectacle, and all of these endless, almost Rick Sanchez-esque magical solutions were also appealing to the senses, even if they actively messed with the stakes of the film. The performances were fine on the whole; both newcomers to the series Rachel McAdams and Xochitl Gomez were standouts in their roles. Obviously the same can be said of Cumberbatch and Olsen, both having years of experience under their belts at this point. The plot was fine, even if the conclusion was lazy. The Scarlet Witch learns about a new powered being (are we saying "mutant" yet?) who is capable of literally punching a hole through dimensions, effectively allowing her to travel through the Multiverse. Knowing this person, America Chavez, to be capable of locating her two sons Wanda must harvest her power while it's up to Dr. Steven Strange to protect her. It all holds up well enough until the end. There aren't any spoilers ahead, but suffice it to say that when you have infinite possibilities an audience might expect you to come up with a creative solution. It was nice to see a Marvel film with a shift in tone like this one, though. Sam Raimi manages to scare up some moments that leave one wondering if this was a DC movie, and that approach is a welcomed one to a blockbuster series that often skews too far in the other direction. When the dust settles Dr. Strange and the Multiverse of Madness has some must-see moments and is worth the overall trip, even if it suffers from the same issues that are undermining the genre in general.
When Avengers:Endgame pushed a narrative ‘reset' button, it created a problem for the future of the MCU. How can we trust and believe that any events matter if a future film can simply find a magic device to undo them? Tension is dissipated, emotional impact dulled. Mix that with the MCU's approach to the multiverse and this film is seriously hobbled before it starts; nothing really matters. And whilst it looks spectacular - and there are some impressive moments of genuine visual invention - it lacks physical weight; none of this hits the viewer between the eyes the way, say, Inception's startling and very physical visuals do. The second half is better than the first, not least because that's where Raimi seems more free to be Raimi - horror-tinged, and at times downright weird. Unfortunately a decent cast is undermined by Cumberbatch seeming so detached he may as well be sending in his performance via a voice only Zoom meeting. Thankfully it's not as bloated a running time as other recent entities; and whilst there is stuff to enjoy here, the overriding feeling is that either the MCU needs to be radically refreshed or else it's outstaying its welcome.
Graphics were insane, albeit a little overwhelming at times to actually see whats going on.  Story was beyond bad.  Like terrible.  The entire plot should have been rewritten, it was hot garbage.  Its a shame because it had cool elements, but everything with wanda was awful and the stuff with America Chavez sucked.  Really disappointed
Marvel forgot how to make movies with their own storyline , they didn't even showed how Wanda became a villain and Micheal Waldron is not good at character development so he shouldn't write any movies at all and write series instead or go to Rick and morty. This movie could have been great but Sam raimi and Micheal Waldron ruined the movie come on intersection of the universe under a sewer and going only to two new York into the multiverse and what do I remember about America Chavez absolutely nothing
I should first start by saying the good stuff. Docter Strange's first arc ( yes there is two ) is good. It's nice seeing that people question his choice to give Thanos the time stone in infinity war. I like when instead of going with his plan in the finale battle, he chooses to put his faith in others. But his second arc was kinda dumb. His second arc is about him being sad about christen. At one point in the movie a different version of her travels with Docter Strange to another universe and she really didn't add anything emotionally. Also I wish that the movie had more universe's to go to. The two we got were boring in uninteresting. The cameos in this movie suck because they don't make any sense ( except Bruce Cambell's ). The villain makes no sense to me. First off the only way to understand her motivation is to watch her show on Disney+. Secondly, Wanda learned a lesson in that show about not being a dick to other people. But the movie implies that she learned nothing because she is willing to murder people for no reason. The only thing that works for her is that she is a scary antagonist. Speaking of scary I didn't understand why it is labeled as a horror movie because nothing about it was really scary. The movie is okay I guess but it's nothing special.
I fucking despise this movie. Firstly, the downplaying of the events in the finale of Wanda Vision shows how little the MCU cares about building on prior events. Secondly from Strange to Wanda to the Illuminati, no character makes logical in character decisions and instead do whatever the plot requires them to do. And the magic system the introduces broken abilities like Wanda being able to vaporize mr fantastic to having to throw Wong off a mountain, it was clear that the magic system was not balanced for the purposes of the movie and that they made it up as the went along to serve their idiotic plot.
The visuals in this movie were fantastic. Some of the best I've seen in any of the MCU films. The scale of this movie might not be to the level of Endgame or No Way Home, but that's not the point. It's not an Avengers movie; it's a Doctor Strange movie, and it achieves what it's trying to accomplish. Story issues and America Chavez aside, Doctor Strange In the Multiverse of Madness is a great addition to the MCU, and is quite refreshing amidst the Marvel fatigue. 7.5/10.
One of the best things to come out of Marvel recently. The plot is solid and the characters are compelling. The comedy lands especially well, probably thanks to Sam Raimi. The real star of the show here is Wanda. This is a personal preference, but it's awesome when you see a powerful character go absolutely ape shit.
Good film in my opinion but not the best it could have been
This was the movie that finally nailed the coffin shut of the MCU for me. After endgame, a few 'good' shows, and some..weird stuff, this movie (which I forced myself to watch in its entirety') was the worst marvel movie I've ever seen. Firstly, it didn't feel like a movie. Felt like a really bad extended disney plus show. Secondly, They made doctor strange go from intelligent supreme sorcerer to baffoon who may even be part villain, and oh by the way he's totally okay with Wanda being a villain because she was heartbroken. The ending seems trite, and the supporting characters seem to be forced (looking at you America). Stay away if you liked the MCU previously or if you liked the comics (or if you like consistent plot and characters).
One of my favorite Marvel movies!!!
This was so good but I don’t know if I could watch it again because Wanda is terrifying!
A modestly ok movie that unfortunately failed to use the best of its director
Wanda kinda carried this movie
Feels like it was ripped right out of a comic book, oh wait that is the point. 😉
this could've been so much better
The movie was thrilling marvel horror-ish movie. The concept though was satanic which I didn't like. Watch if you love marvel.
They turned Doctor Strange into a useless character, a movie with bad dialogues and shameful scenes, it's just not mediocre anymore because of Sam Raimi.
Solid 5 stars because of Scarlet Witch. Period!
Here is a glimpse at why DSMOM is the sloppiest MCU movie of all time: The film has no strength of story. Strange has no character development. Chavez's character is flat, and her background is ignored. The third act is anti-climatic. The first after credit scene is inexplicable and the second was a waste. The White Vision, Agatha, and 616 Mordo plotlines are ignored. Wanda's descent to madness is too quick, ignoring her arc from WandaVision. Wanda's death is left ambiguous, indicating indecisiveness on the producing end. The "Are you happy?" and "Its the only way" plot themes (great themes to explore) were thrown aside. The end scene and first end credit scene have opposite messages. The cinematography is dizzying. The score ignores both Wanda's and Strange's actual themes and opts for alternate, unrecognizable versions accompanied with non-stop, in-your-face brass filler. However, the film's biggest failure is its inability to provide the first connecting pillar for phase 4. Its job was to provide clear continuity in storytelling between WandaVision, Loki and No Way Home while establishing how the Multiverse works and its future consequences. Instead, everything is left ambiguous. So why is DSMOM this high on the list? The answer: Elizabeth Olsen was yet again incredible and has instantly become one of the MCU's greatest villains. Unfortunately, aside from her and Benedict, there aren't many other positive attributes. This film perfectly reflects the modern era's flawed attention span with its unbelievably fast pace and proves that cameos mean nothing without a strong story. DSMOM is incredibly out of character for the MCU, indicating a lack of concrete storytelling plans. If the MCU has a downfall, DSMOM will be viewed as the turning point. 2 of the MCU's greatest characters have become permanently stained thanks to DSMOM. At least it's not formulaic.
Szalona przygoda w wykonaniu Sama Raimiego to całkiem dobry powiew świeżości dla MCU a szczypta grozy tylko dodaje smaku całemu obrazowi + dwa świetne występy
Who said this movie doesnt have big cameo's. So first of all i really liked this movie, it was a lot darker then honestly everything the MCU has ever done. Sam Raimi his horror roots came back alive and i loved it. There was a mother with like 3 children under at least 11 in my theatre and i have never seen anyone leave the cinema that quick when the movie was finished. The visuals in this movie, man they were incredible, congrats on your Oscar nomination i think for best VFX. The only thing that frustrated me, was the fact that you really felt the MCU formula clash with Sami Raimi his style of filmmaking. You had like the classic camera zooms and eye shots of Sam Raimi and on the other hand Kevin Feige his MCU formula, it didnt distracted me personally, but i can see why people have struggles with it. The story itself was really interesting and entertaining, with a lot of big cameo's in the middle and 1 at the end of the movie, i can't believe people are saying that it wasn't that crazy, come on man we now know almost 99% who is gonna direct Fantastic 4. Elizabeth Olsen is as expected the star of the movie, with a fantastic performance of Benedict Cumberbatch, but i thought that Rachel McAdams, Xochitl Gomez and Benedict Wong were really good as well. Overall i really entertaining movie, with some struggles here and there, but pretty good + let Sam Raimi now direct Spider-man 4 :}
Very entertaining movie. Love the new mainstream approach to the multiverse of the MCU
One thing I will give "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" is that it did a solid job of giving the characters entertaining, yet believable motivations, which is a huge step up from a lot of marvel movies.  The entire movie is derailed by one character, though.  MCU Wanda has no limitations.  She can do anything, until the writers decide all of a sudden that it is time for her to lose, so the plot can move forward.  It has crippled so many MCU movies before, and no one bothered fixing the problem this time.  Also, if you ever wondered what an Evil Dead movie would look like in the CG era, this is your chance, and warning, it is ugly.  At least in those old movies, the bad effects were played for laughs, but here, in a blockbuster Marvel movie, they really kill the mood.
Disney just can't continue the old guard. There's no helping it.  Marvel will never be the same. Such a sad thing...
Overall, this is the darkest, most violent, supernatural film from Marvel I have seen yet.  I admire the film pushing new boundaries thanks to Director Sam Rami, who goes back to his roots to make a film that feels like Evil Dead and Spider-Man combined.  The film has strong visuals, a solid music score and a plot that delivers plenty of surprises, unpredictability, wild creativity and heartfelt moments; however, the film's dark and heavy tones aren't going to fit all audiences who see it, and the same could be said about the main plot.  The plot has its moments where it feels slow and slightly drags on reaching its conclusion.  Some lines of dialogue are packed with magic babble, such as talking about books and spells, which isn't going to please everyone.  As a sequel, it's extremely different and loaded with shocking yet disturbing moments, which in the end, is a welcome addition to an experience best seen on the big screen.
Very different for an MCU film.  Elizabeth Olsen is a treasure.
Solid movie. Fun action and visually striking mostly. But a definite step down for the MCU. Elizabeth Oleson is a prodigy of talent as The Scarlett Witch. Still, a messy and overall disappointing story from the first Doctor Strange.
I think I liked this one a little more than the first but the first one was also pretty "meh". They add to character development by giving backstories and giving the audience their perspectives as to why they're the way they are. The movie does have a bit of a dark theme which is captured well by the cinematography and director. There are, however, some moments/writing that make the film a bit cheesy in overall quality which seems to be the direction that the MCU is heading now. They seem to be becoming content with making movies that are essentially just "ok".
Was an okay movie overall, wasn't a huge fan of the ridiculous villain characters whose motives weren't explained well. And the mirror dimension sene where the ancient one dies, made me feel dizzy and was tripping me out. Wasn't a huge fan of the plot, it wasn't well explained with all the crazy dimensions and dark power, seemed ridiculous. Would've preferred the entire movie about the surgeon just trying to do something else with his life while trying to recover his hands. The whole movie felt like some weird fever dream.
A mess of empty special effects and gratuitous action scenes left me not caring at all.
Dr Strange Multiverse of Madness provides a fun movie, but plot seemed loose. It is recommended to watch the shows Loki and Wandavision before, but outside of that it is a plot based around Wanda's desires to get her kids back and will do anything to achieve that. 

Benedict Cumberbatch does well in providing some comic relief throughout the movie. But I would consider it a "popcorn" movie. Enjoyable, but does not break barriers.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is... OMG at least for me. The pacing and story needs some work, but I would say, the aspect is full-on horror by visions of Sam Raimi and I was all in to see that in MCU standard. The visuals and effects are also groundbreaking and ridiculously beautiful like its predecessor.
If there was a plot, I somehow missed it, even after watching the 2016 Doctor Strange the night before, which barely helped provide enough background for this "story".  Who in the world is Wanda?  There was too much sci-fi and comic book content and barely a thread of human reality for me to cling to.  I was lost nearly the entire movie.
Was pretty dark but I still liked it.
What was the point of this movie? Redundant failed relationship / missed chances motif dragged on and on. Phase 4 was such a huge letdown

Pizza Poppa !!!!
Marvel is finished. It was so badly writen that it is weird that no one during production didn't notice it.
Some really good monster effects.   I enjoyed the appearance by Patrick Stewart.  A refreshingly different marvel movie
The scrip is a mess. The script is filled with plot holes and the characters do some really stupid things, but that is about it. that is the only problem i have with the movie, which does remove like 5 points for how awful the script and story is. Everything else is Spectacular. Raimi fills the movie with his unique style, which makes it a insane ride. Its fun, its fine as a whole and is even more annoying . Strange has a great, but definietley undercooked arc. Wanda is an alright antagonist... IDK. I wanted to love it, but in the end, it was pretty disappointing, even after having watched it multiple times.
Este filme é uma bagunça, uma grande bagunça desleixada, e não da maneira que as pessoas previam, mas de maneiras totalmente novas que ninguém poderia prever. E, no entanto, de alguma forma, funciona.
Best recent marvel movie with just a little of the nonsense but otherwise amazing movie especially in IMAX.
The movie was confusing, so much happening at once, nearly fell asleep. That said, it was still entertaining
I really enjoyed this movie. I love the direction that Marvel is headed with the multiverse and introducing new characters for upcoming projects. They managed to keep it very organized even though they are dealing with alternate timelines and realities. Cumberbatch is great again. This was a nice refresh after what has felt like a very up and down and drawn out phase 4.
Not recommended.

This feels more like a bad Wanda movie than a doctor strange movie.
Doctor strange was great and the other character's where okay, but the Wanda character is terrible!
I guess if you watched the TV show you will have more context? But you shouldn't need to watch one character's TV show to understand another character's Movie. This, with (below?) average affects and a story that doesn't "flow" well. you should skip this movie unless you're a big marvel fan
The story was...just terrible. Too much to complain about, watch the first Dr. Strange twice instead.
This movie is laughably bad. The soundtrack is generic, the Wanda plot line makes no sense, the CGI at times is some of the worst in an MCU film and the newly introduced America is nothing more than a macguffin and does little to try and give her any personality. Rami may have brought some refreshing horror themes to the MCU to try and change things up, but every other idea and concept he brought to the table in this film fails miserably.
Thank God for Wanda. She saved somewhat of this movie.
Marvel really did now their fans. And what they were expecting from the movie. What we got was entirely different

For the Marvel fans that have followed What If. Corpse strange was definitely thought to be the Evil Strange in What If. And that is why they gave it so much emphasis on the trailer.

The cast where amazing, but the plot really was expected differently.
If you've ever watched "Everything Everywhere All At Once", that has way more multiversal action than this film.

First of all, is this supposed to be a show-off reel for Sam Raimi? He did every major cinema flick from his previous movies. Even the after credits scene where the guy keeps hitting himself is recycled material. What new things did he actually bring? Never have I been so dissapointed with the promotion of a film exclusively by the "prestige" of the director.

Overall a dissapointment, and what can be expected if you let yourself be guided only by trailers and fan speculations.
I enjoyed a lot this movie. The metaverse gives the possibility to develop new and bizarre stories.
It didn't do enough with the multiverse. I wanted this to be Marvel's response to The Arrowverse's Recent Crisis event, giving us far more crossover with former films. That said Sam Raimi's direction is as good as ever and the story is strong. I don't like Wanda's quick decent into madness. LOVE the Evil Dead feel.
I am a big Dr Strange fan, but it really felt like he was sidelined in his own movie. Not having seen Wanda vision, be maybe that was part of why this seemed disjointed, but there was too much that I felt like I "missed" and too much that seemed to happen off screen. Even with the explanations, it seemed like Wanda's transition to evil was too quick. Everyone was outmatched, to the point where I felt like good characters were introduced, only to be killed by Wanda after what felt like 2 seconds. While I understand why America Chavez was a big part of this, it just seems like the universe wasn't really at stake in the way it was explained to us. The payoff at the end didn't seem like much of a payoff. It seems like Doctor strange had so much to work through and so much to fight through, only to have America show Wanda A couple of kids and their mother, and suddenly Wanda turned " good " again.

This wasn't the worst movie, but it definitely wasn't the best one, either.
One of Marvel's best underrated movies, Marvel decided to change itself for the better.  The movie is a bit scary and it's a good thing, really Wanda's movie.  Doctor Strange is playing an unimportant character, even though his movie is.
was ait definitely not to shady
multiverse is mad - Strong 6/10
I am admittedly a big Benedict Cumberbatch fan. It all started with the Sherlock Holmes series. So I am somewhat biased towards any movie he appears in. I realize that money is a big attraction for a big budget movie roll like this. However, I still think he brings a higher level of acting to a action movie part like this. 

 For me, the plot was a little hard to follow with all the multiple universes. Sure, it was a lot easier for those that know the whole story in the series. I loved the CG effects, and the action sequences were good. This film comes under my category of 'An entertaining waste of time'.
This second entry in the Dr. Strange franchise (feels weird since I feel like he's been in at least 5 of these Marvel movies) goes in a decidedly weirder direction than most other Marvel properties and I think it's better for it. This is not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but it does manage to grab a piece or 2 of what makes a great epic adventure movie and apply a very comic book-y lens to it. The fights are big, the story (while admittedly more complex than your typical comic jaunt) is easy to digest, and the enemy is interesting. It doesn't rise above your typical Marvel movie in any way except for perhaps its aesthetic which I can see being potentially very subjective. I don't know if there's a ton extra to say about Strange except for that I liked it and felt like its contribution to the MCU as a whole is a net positive.
Fairly dark for a Marvel film. Not one of the best but also important to the story line and future films so needed to watch it.
Requires real talent and gusto to take a character I fell in love with via the best TV show Marvel has come out with and then totally ruin her by making her go from point A to point Z with nothing inbetween. btw, if I want an overdose of nauseating visuals I'd rather revisit high school and drop acid.
I didn't like how they made Wonda the bad guy.
The movie was sold as doctor strange vs. the scarlet witch, but the fans had such high expectations that many of them ended up disappointed, it is quite enjoyable and fulfills
It might not have been what we were promised or expected, but this movie still stands as a great Doctor Strange story. The bloodless gore courtesy of the great Sam Raimi, great visuals and camera work, great action and the good fanservice give this some serious staying power.
The Raimi-ness is rad.
Bad special effects (the Mike Wazowski octopus monster was a real joke!). 
Bland and predictable scenario.
Honestly one of the weakest movies from MCU.
It's so good movie, especially Elizabeth acting.
Brilliant!  What a shocking turn for both Scarlet Witch and Dr Strange.  Never imagined Marvel taking such a risk outside of the What If…. series.  The performances are sublime and the script is tight.  Xochitl‘s introduction into the MCU as America Chavez is just clever.  In my opinion, this is one of the best films Marvel has made.  Getting quite excited for phase 5.
Very important movie for the future of Marvel Universe
Not as good as the first but it was good.
So so. Not as good as the previous one, not really a horror movie and didn't feel like a world of madness.
A very simple story to follow but unfortunately it doesn't do much to push the characters forward in any manner. Feels as if Wanda has had negative character growth from where she ended in 'WandaVision' as well but neither here nor there. The horror elements are very old school Sam Raimi which make this standout from the other MCU entries. The Illuminati are fun to follow and we actually did not mind the final payoff with them unlike everyone else! Overall just another subpar entry into the Marvel Machine
Doctor Strange: Multiverse of Madness is a crazy comic book adventure that's lifted straight outta a schizophrenic nightmare, but at least it wasn't boring; also it represents what going mad with grief looks like pretty well.
Yet another frenetic confusing  Marvel phase 4 movie which misses the mark, more time needs to be spent working on the script returning to old fashioned entertaining story lines and character building which is inclusive of the audience rather than excluding it.
Really exciting and full of unexpected scenes. I liked it a lot.
No es excelente pero es buena pelicula
really bad, stupid dialoges, stupid character decisions.. reed richard just tried to punch wanda, lol smartest man alive.. also sam rami seems like he was writing a campy ash vs. evil dead movie on this one.. yeah dont let sam rami direct marvel movies again
I'm not a huge fan of Raimi's occasional cheap director techniques like zooming in on faces but the vast majority of the directing here was excellent and on the whole it's a great movie.
This movie was better than I expected it to be its way better than the first movie it's sad that scarlet witch died but I don't believe she is. Idk why people hated this movie it was so good
doctor strange rocks! this movie started off with action and didn't disappoint.  seeing Wanda embrace the villain role was amazing! it was a great addition to phase 4
Wanda as a villan in this movie is amazing, the introducction of America Chavez and the multiverse in a bigger way is unbelivale
A chaotic mish-mash of sprouting CGI attacks, creepy horror vibes and Evil Dead-like rules in a visually appealing action exploit from the maker of the best Spider-man films and Bruce Campbell's main employer. This film goes from 0-to-60 in a well-done interlace of action and horror-flavouring for a story that deep-dives Scarlet Witch more than it should have Doctor Strange. Despite the  unceremonious kill-offs of the Illuminati, a random music note fight and not enough fast-paced multiverse jumping, I'm willing to go along with any direction Sam Raimi wants to go for taste of this unrestrained, seemingly never-before-seen film style. I enjoyed this adventure and loved undead-Strange, his demon cape and America Chavez's star-portals. Just because it was only a few Universes, it doesn't mean it doesn't bring the madness. So, close your eyes and dream-walk yourself into this diverting movie carnival.
Visually dazzling with great performances from Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen, Doctor Strange 2 is an action-packed film that feels more daring and dark than most superhero films despite an inconsistent plot that doesn't fully rely on its emotional punch.
What is Marvel doing lately.  Horrible acting, horrible cinematography, horrible script, horrible sidekick, in a boring slow woke movie about a different super hero.  News flash, no one likes Wanda - it's why you didn't make a Wanda movie and instead relied on Dr Stange hype to sell tickets.  I'm done seeing Marvel movies in theaters, just wait for them to hit Disney+.  Not worth the time wasted.
I left the theater quite happy. Sam Raimi's direction takes this film to a darker side, where all the characters fit their roles, delivering the right dose of action. Overall it's fun and has everything to be a great success.
It is so cool to see a marvel movie with scarry elements to it so much to the point that this movie is like just one step away form an R ratted mcu movie.
liked the slasher stuff, but goddamnit please stick to one clear character arc for strange, guy got a weak arc instead
Stop making movies about characters that are not the character I went to the movie to see.
An ok movie, I like the dark tone and some kills. Sam Raimi did a pretty good job but it wasn't too much multiverse of madness. I'll rank it a 3/5 or 77/100
Good plot. Good CGI. Good character development.
Loved this one. Loved everything about it. The different stranges was awesome to watch. 
Zombie Stange being incorporated in this way was amazing. Loved Olsen - she is a treasure. This one I will watch again.
It's awesome, but could be better with the storyline
I liked a lot "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness". I think that the multiverse gives many opportunities to create new interesting stories, like this one.
This a darker version of Doctor Strange where you see Wanda's true self, her powers at her strongest, and sets up the multiverse, while using breathtaking visuals and the MCU should build off of the multiverse.
Movie doesn't make sense to me if you factor in that she doesn't even look for vision in multiple multiverse lol.
This movie is very dark yet colorful. Action takes up much of the movie.A lot is going on in this movie but the conclusion does a nice job at summing it all up. This is a good addition to a not so good phase 4.
Disappointing and too nerfed on the one hand. Interesting, beautiful and curious on the other hand, Doctor Strange MoM is nice to see with friends, but the script's laziness is obvious and it could be much better.
I love this film! The cgi is incredible and the acting is phenomenal I love Elizabeth Olsens performance it was incredible! And the amount of action and horror in this film was incredible! I highly recommend this film for people!
I tried. Not a troll either, so 2 was the best I could do. Convoluted structure is a common problem when creators get too ambitious and fall into the trap of doing things with CG just because they can. Does not help the characters or plot to be relatable in any way. It’s truly a shame since Dr Strange was truly my favorite before this film.
love Dr. strange! I'm extremely bias
Entertaining in some aspects, but mostly a huge mess of a movie.
doctor fate could beat doctor strange 

film idea dc and marvel crossover: fate vs strange the ultimate showdown
I was really entertained with everything the visuals are good, but for a movie called Doctor Strange you should have doctor strange as your main character not have it be a movie bout someone else
I think the movie visually was amazing, but that's about it.
This movie was trash. I hate to sound negative but it made no sense and was all over the place. Thank goodness I had seen the Wandavision series before watching this movie or else I would’ve been completely lost. As a Marvel fan this was a complete letdown, especially since the first Doctor Strange movie was awesome.
Good movie got a bit carried away with itself on some bits, if you're there for the cameos, then its a great movie but if not then it is a bit of a marvel carnivalfest with nonstop action, multiverse teasing and much more. Hint stay till the end.
This film suffered greatly from opposing themes, stupid decisions from smart characters, and a general lack of passion. The movie attempts to create horror but instead feels like a bipolar comedy.
An under-rated fun trip with some nice cameos.
kinda felt like I stepped into the multiverse of "wasn't interested anymore" half way
Sigue bajando Marvel rompiendo lo que ellos mismo presentaron.
Decent movie, wish there was more multiverse in the multiverse of madness, but still not the worst thing ever
Marvel's first horror outing in the MCU is pretty effective as both a superhero movie and a horror movie, even if it is a bit restricted by its PG-13 rating. With awesome performances and chemistry from both of the leads (Cumberbatch and Gomez), some brutal death scenes for a Marvel movie, and some solid jump scares, DS: MOM is one of the rare gems in MCU's phase 4.
My least favorite Marvel movie so far, and that is saying something.
I'm not saying it was bad.. but somwhere midway i seriously wanted to turn it off
This was so horrible, I had to turn it off within 15 mins.  I like the first Dr Strange movie, but his bad wig in combination with what are the worst special effects I have ever seen in a Marvel movie, or even any movie since an Ed Wood flick left much to be desired.
Doutor Estranho 2 mostra o quão bem a Marvel pode fazer um filme do multiverso sem se preocupar com muitas coisas.
Great movie. I love that they tried to take scarlet witch back to the version she was when she was first introduced to the MCU. The cameos were epic. The way they wrapped things up was pretty stupid. The motivation for  the villain was kind of stupid too. The villain could've gone a completely different direction, but then i guess there wouldn't be a movie; Poor writing in that case. I enjoyed watching this overall
Bored out of my mind plus didnt have a clue what was going on and no I havent watched any of the Disney Marvel tv stuff so I suppose its my fault ?!? Pity because I really enjoyed the first one.
A enthralling experience and a completely unique project by Marvel Studios.
Sam Raimi did an amazing job as the director, but Elizabeth Olsen and her character of Wanda Maximoff/ The Scarlet Witch was the spotlight. Olsen's acting was on the PEAK in this movie, she makes an amazing antagonist, but the only problem is that her purpose isn't well- written which doesn't excite the audience. The character of Doctor Strange is greatly weakened in this movie, compared to other ones like Avengers: Infinity War. Otherwise, it was an absolutely beautiful movie.
Loved it more than the first Doctor Strange movie, also really enjoyed the WandaVision connections as well! Sam Raimi did a great job with this, there were slight horror with the movie which I really enjoyed
You can definitely feel the weight of the connecting MCU in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of madness and for casual fans it will no doubt be challenging to understand the connecting story threads leading up to this film if you did not see the MCUs Disney plus tv show Wanda Vision. But for many of the hardcore fan base there is enough to satisfy that superhero thirst until the next MCU blockbuster. While Benedict Cumberbatch is the perfect Doctor Strange he plays second fiddle in his own film to the brilliant performance of Elizabeth Olsen as scarlet witch and newcomer Xochitl Gomez  as America Chavez.
By far the worst installment in the MCU. The plot was ridiculous and all over the place.
Doctor strange deliberately let Tony die, by lying that only one possibility was there to defeat thanos out of 14 million. He is the true villian.
Did I watch this movie? No. Do I want to contribute to helping Hollywood make the decision to finally stop making superhero movies? Yes. Very badly. Please go back to making art. I'm sure the artists would rather make art. I don't care if these studios trip and stumble over themselves through their next 5 or so movies as long as they are aiming at something meaningful. Take some risk and hire some nutcases. David Lynch and similar weirdos would never get a chance today and that is a loss for everyone. I don't think that it's unfair for me to review a movie I haven't seen. I think it is unfair that when I look at what is playing in theaters, it's all made for mental midgets. Having half decent taste in today's society makes you feel like a cultural minority. That would be ok if it was truly representative, but I think people have much higher capacity for meaning that Hollywood would have you believe.
visual bom, mas a história não encaixa
Quite the visual spectacle!  I really enjoyed this one.  You could very much see the Sam Raimi influence here, and that made the "horror" a little more silly, but I don't mind that.  I suppose we could knit-pick some character motivations, but overall it worked fine.  It was fun to see some alternate reality versions of characters we know.
Horrendous movie. Didn't like the scenarii, FX are .. meh and what is this with all of the noise and explosion, and the producer wanting to turn Wanda evil ?
a beautiful disappointment
Entertaining but definitely not the best MCU movie. The upside was the Sam Raimi weird humor in some nuggets within the movie.
Scarlet witch carried. And Elizabeth Olsen is just breathtaking
Not sure what MCU was thinking when they wrote this up, this movie is firmly out of CGI's capabilities and feels like an eye sore. It's hard to overlook the annoying CGI and poor dialogue in this one.
It's entertaining, it's fun to see a different universe in live action, but it feels like some of the movie was wasted.
The one thing I will ding this movie on is its reliance on having knowledge of all the previous films and shows. We've gotten to the point that it's all just becoming a tangled mess, so it leaves these Blockbusters not feeling like standalone movies. That said, as the next chapter in this serial, it's a blast. It's a nice treat to see Raimi's visual style on display with these characters, it's a perfect fit. The action set pieces were spectacular, and the story was super satisfying. And for all the haters out there saying that this just made Wanda two-dimensional, y'all have never met grief have you, especially parental grief...
A lot of action and jumpscares. Elisabeth olsen is the best.
I really like it , i don't know why the people think its not a good movie, its very good
The movie is so cringe. The effect are terrible during the movie. The story is so simple that if it wasn't the fights and the fillers the end of the movie could be solved at any moment in the beginning. Really basic script.
Good movie, though Elizabeth Olson could stand to take some acting lessons and work on her attempt at an accent. Her performances in the MCU make me roll my eyes. Regardless, Sam Raimi's directing saves this film in the long run.
Overall, it was fine but nothing too special. I appreciated Professor Charles Xavier appearing again and Mr. Fantastic was great but overall it was just meh.
What could have been...
Not Perfect but i thoroughly enjoyed it. Looks like 30 minutes were cut out. Could have been even better!!
Wanda storyline was pathetic, that's it.
Great Movie amazing acting, CGI was weird in a few places but other than that great movie!!!
I don't think MCU fans appreciate how many narrative issues this movie solved, while also standing on its own as a worthy sequel and doing a good job as an adaptation honoring its subject matter. 

For people who grew up in the MCU, some of the writing choices were no doubt heart-breaking. But that's just good film, if they can evoke that for you while staying true to a character. That's what they did with Wanda Maximov. SPOILER: she is the main antagonist of this film.

It may be helpful to watch the series WandaVision before watching this film. But what's relevant is that Wanda went through an episode (forgive the pun), and at the end of the day, she wound up with even more extraordinary power than she had before. 

Contrary to what you might think, Benedict Cumberbatch doesn't have much time to develop his eponymous own character. Dr. Strange has to be continually bantering and driving the plot forward, because there's a heck of a lot to get through. It's also very time-consuming to develop stakes when dealing with such heavy amounts of magic, and there's an awful lot of running to do.

All that being said, we find the "world's greatest superhero" fighting just to put one foot in front of the other. He delights in finding magical problems to solve because he has nothing else to do. What the good doctor doesn't expect is that his own Achilles' Heel is going to give him more problems than he could have ever imagined: his lack of bedside manner. 

Anyway, just two of the MCU narrative issues this movie helps to resolve are that both Dr. Strange and Wanda were what you might call "over-powered", though Wanda slightly more than Strange. You can only ratchet up power so much before achieving a sense of stakes becomes impossible. 

The typical narrative solution to this problem is what you might call the strategy card game solution: you "nerf" the over-powered elements, while simultaneously introducing new over-powered elements. It doesn't make thing better, sometimes it makes them worse, but at least things become different, and people have to adapt. See Thor-Ragnarok.

Dr. Strange 2 does NOT employ the strategy card game solution. Dr. Strange 2 takes these two over-powered elements and pits them against each other in a way that is dark, funny, tragic, and ultimately very entertaining. Wanda is more powerful than ever, and Dr. Strange is being his best self. It only loses a point because, like I said, stakes are hard with magic, and also it perhaps does TOO much to service the MCU at the expense of itself.
It was more about everyone else but the Doctor
A very very bad movie , even the movie is confused on its own
finally a good movie from marvel...i will never know why they are scared of going a bit dark all the time or why they have to put in jokes in every scene...this one was really good...and elizabeth olsen..damn she is just amazing as a villain if we can call wanda that
It was an amazing experience.
On a vu un Dr Strange plus humain, avec des défauts, l'exploitation du multivers était plutôt fun.
Um bom filme onde vemos o mago supremo
 ( que não é mais mago supremo) em uma aventura com uma garota que acabou de conhecer. O filme tem alguns erros mas ainda sim é divertido 
A direção do Sam Raimi salva muito
Elizabeth Olsen was amazing. that's about it.
Péssimo filme, roteiro sem sentido, piadas sem graça não vale o tempo, um grande desperdício de ótimos personagens. Não recomendo.
Great and entertaining marvel movie with a hint of horror! 
Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness is the 11th installment of Phase 4 and introduces viewers to the multiverse and its wide range of possibilities.
With returning characters (and a few new ones), this movie is a must-watch. 
This movie has strong themes of violence and horror and isn't much of a kid-friendly marvel movie like hulk or spiderman. It's more for teens and adults, but is very entertaining whether or not you're a marvel fan!
Another Marvel film that delivers,Sam Rami is back in the directors chair directing another superhero film since (Spider man 3 2007)he hasn't lost his touch in the superhero genre.
The film has great performances across the board especially from Elizabeth Olsen who comes back as the Scarlet Witch and makes you feel for a character who is so broken.The VFX are decent.The film does suffer from some weird lines in the script and wasted potential in some moments.Overall a fun watch.
Eu amo!! O filme tem muitos momentos frenéticos
Great movie. Flows really well.
Sam Raimi had his signature all over this film and I loved it. I’m generally not a huge fan of the Marvel “universe” so my opinion may not matter much here, but I really enjoyed this one.
This movie starts the MCU slide into mediocrity and worse. There is nothing emotionally compelling in this movie. That is shocking considering we lost Wanda. I didn't have one moment of wow through the whole sad thing.
I watched it because of Wanda (Elizabeth Olsen)! I replayed all of her scenes in the next days with the line "What mouth!" being nice meme material :D! 

The whole film was nice and enjoyable. The plot was cute. As I said 5 stars for Wanda! 

What about Doctor Strange?!

"What Doctor Strange?" ;)
Welcome to another dimension
Most of the special effects are fine, but when it's bad, it's really bad. Overall this is about what you'd expect from a marvel standalone flick. Elizabeth Olsen steals the show though.
I can't say it's good. But it's not bad. It has a good dark tone on it but the portion isn't balanced between the roles. This movie is lack of madness as it says in the title. But it is still entertaining in an only good way
Doctor mid into the multiverse of mid. Not even a multiverse movie
The yo yo effect of Wanda between playing a villain was weird and I'm not a big fan of Doctor strange but I do believe that it was a well received movie I was kind of sad to see Wanda sacrifice herself but is she truly gone that's the curious question and I love to see more of Wanda and the future of the MCU other than that still a good movie.
This was the MCU movie I was most looking forward to in 2022 especially following the events of NWH. 
Visually fantastic and a treat entry to the Multiverse narrative. It would have been great to have seen more Multiverse adventures and less cameos but for a first voyage into the Multiverse it certainly got my hopes up and showed some path forward in Phase 4 of the the wider plot and plan.
Sam Raimi's touch does a decent job of inserting some elements into the film that allow Multiverse of Madness to contain some uniqueness among some of the other Marvel repertoire, but I found this film to be boring - a bland romp among a sea of oversaturated Superhero films.
I really really enjoyed this! It was so cool seeing the MCU just delve into what was essentially a monster movie! Also I appreciate that they didn't go overboard with America Chavez. So many movies and TV shows would have put her center stage and made the whole thing about empowering her, at which point the audience would just be drooling, bored out of our minds. But instead they showed her as what she was, a scared kid who didn't understand her powers and was mostly just along for the ride. Doctor Strange took center stage (as you'd expect in a Doctor Strange movie!) and America's character grew throughout the movie watching this experienced, compassionate hero make decisions. It feels so much more natural than the lazy CW writing that seems to have infested all of Hollywood the last 5-10 years.
The idea of a multiverse is just an excuse for bad writing, and bad writing is the reason for this movie
感觉剧情好水。甚至看到主角和谁在打时，就像是大一点的孩子穿着cosplay服，然后一直中二打斗。。
然后整剧中，最出色的台词我觉得 I love you in every universe 是最浪漫的😭。
Put off viewing this one, since I knew it was going to be a dud (like most of Marvel's recent attempts). It was OK. Visually stunning, story wise not much. What the point was of including America Shavez, I don't know.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness serves as the introduction of the multiverse in the MCU on the big screen. The film has a lot of heart. The CGI looks very good and the cast is also excellent throughout. Elizabeth Olsen in particular delivers arguably the best performance in the MCU as the Scarlet Witch. The Scarlet Witch also works great as the antagonist in the film. You know her motivations and you know what she has already been through. You feel for her. Doctor Strange is also told here super further. You get to know him further and continue his arc. Also MCU newcomer America Chavez can be taken directly into the heart. The action is excellent, you work with brutal and magical elements and makes it something unique in this genre. The style of the film stands out from the rest of the MCU and combines horror, action and drama. With a fantastic lead actor, the best villain character in the MCU and brilliant action, Doctor Strange 2 stands out from the rest of the Marvel movies and is probably one of the top 5 best MCU movies.
Honestly, this is one of the best MCU films they've put out. Not sure how anyone could dislike it. We finally get to see the Scarlet Witch in all her glory. I could have watched another hour of her wreaking havoc on everyone. This almost slides into a mild horror genre for me when she's chasing down heroes from the other universe and simply destroying them one by one
Too fast paced, contradictory writing, and events which make no sense and are unrealistic.
Just so boring, the same marvel rubbish
This Movie is probably my favourite film in the MCU, heck one of my favourite films. People might think I am overexaggerating, but I love the concept of the multiverse and I love how Wanda's story continues from WandaVision and evolves. Wanda has turned into The Scarlet Witch and is absolutely ruthless and murdered everyone to get to her children and needs America Chavez's power to go into the multiverse to reach her kids as Doctor Strange has to protect her from Wanda. This movie had so many surprises, Including the Illuminati. This movie sure is a madness and a spine shivering thriller! Honestly this movie should be called 'The Scarlet Witch' instead of Doctor Strange 😂
My favorite MCU film. Yes, even over the Avenger movies. The universe jumping, Elizabeth Olsen's acting, and the direction the MCU is heading into, pushes this over the top for me. I saw this 3 days in a row the weekend it came out!
I honestly don't know what people liked about this movie. It was terrible, contrived and boring. It was an hour too long. Just awful
A concept I enjoyed but a delivery I felt was very basic.
Loved the zombie scene. Didn't really like the CGI
It was fine.  Good popcorn fare.  The Sam Raimi evil dead homages that the director inserts could have been played a smidge more goofy and it would have worked even better.

The insertion of the Other Universe super hero group felt almost unnecessary and might have detracted save to show off the main villain's power levels.

I was not in love with that choice but it was set up in other material, I just wish there had been some kind of reversal or a trick to it.  

This movie almost needs a classic comic book partial ret-con.

But again, watchable pop-corn flick
Too much is too much. Aptly titled, though, let's acknowledge that.
Average F/X, Average story. More disappointment from Phase 4. Looked like a Disney+ premiere movie.
Too cheesy, too simple and overly exaggerated. It was the first time I felt like superhero genre was starting to become boring
was ok but lost me on afew things
Probably would've been 3 or 4 stars on the big screen for the special effects, but beyond that the movie was probably the worst of all MCU movies, including Eternals which I didn't think was possible.
Great movie! It was entertaining, and different from what the mcu normally has, but Wanda could have used more development into becoming the villain of the story. Outside of that this movie was really good.
"| Ratings Categories |
{Characters (5/10) ; Cinematography (6/10) ; Plot (6.5/10) ; Acting (6/10) ; Pacing (4/10) = 55%}"
The most brutal MCU film so far, don't know how this got a 12A rating with some of the moments that happened 😳

Wish there were a few more multiverse cameos because there were only 2 that we didn't see in the trailers. But I guess I wouldn't be saying this if they didn't show so much in the trailers so hopefully they decide to show less in trailers for the future projects.

Elizabeth Olsen is absolutely terrifying and America Chavez is looking to be a really good new character to the franchise.

Looking forward to where Doctor Strange's story goes next!
What a mess. The film was a bloated mess with absolutely no focus. It felt like someone gave a twelve-year-old a pen and letting them fill it with all the  cool scenes they have in mind without a second thought as to the plot. About the only thing they got right was allowing Raimi to use some horror elements, but he was still handcuffed. Xochitl Gomez's acting was stunningly bad, and the writers did her no favors; it felt like America Chavez was a plot device and not a character. If they can botch Dr. Strange this badly, my hope for upcoming projects is incredibly low
It has a lot of plot holes with too many cameos and new characters that are just annoying. The CGI, at times, can also be very hard to look at as some of the worst the MCU has ever produced.
what a wasted opportunity; imagine all the things they could do with this movie!
Not for me I guess. .
If this movie had any logic to it than Scarlet Witch Wanda Maximoff wouldn't be in the same role that she is in this movie.
In general, the film is ok/good. It's definitely entertaining most of the time and there are some really good looking scenes. However, America Chavez is so incredibly boring, I literally could not bring myself to care about her at all. That's mostly because we don't find out much about her as a person and this is a huge problem since the whole movie is supposed to  be about her. Technically, if the writers had replaced her with an animal/alien who is able to travel through the multiverse or some strange artifact, it wouldn't have changed the story too much. 
Also, why are we supposed to sympathize with Wanda? She is literally a mass murderer without remorse and being traumatized isn't a reason to forgive her for any of the things she has done.
I'm doing a reread for you on what I have to say about this because I'm giving one star for this film. Be all because of Elizabeth Olsen. Sam Ramy did a great awesome job as always directing like he did with the three Spider-Man movies back in the early 2000s. So if marvel wants to keep you giving him work, I would appreciate that greatly. I enjoy Sam rammy's work but when it comes to Elizabeth Olsen she's got no talent, no spunk, no originality. She doesn't belong in the role she is in. She admitted to believing in witchcraft not practicing it but knowing about it and it's like you know I would rather watch a movie about Spider-Man all day like they then for kids. Then here women talk the way they are tail like Elizabeth Olsen her and her insane sisters Mary Kate Olsen who is a murderer but because we let women get away with everything these days. Look what happened now. They think they can do whatever they want. So yes, I very much think that Elizabeth Olsen needs to be replaced. She's not fit for the role. That was a doctor. Strange movie but it turned into a Wanda sites, vision movie, whatever. I don't watch the series so I wouldn't know. But I'm just going to go with what I'm sticking with there. Replace Elizabeth Olsen. She is no good
Es una película para pasar el rato, una más de la fábrica de Marvel, no sobresale en nada. Wanda está muy bien, America Chavez me ha gustado bastante, pero no encajo bien con el resto del film. Prefiero el Dr Strange de la primera película, más carismático. El Multiverso se me queda pequeño y creo que no está bien aprovechado.
was definitely something to look at for two hours. stakes were established and entirely forgotten about by the end of the movie. there was a whole lot of gratuitous gore, which never amounted to anything other than shock value and was also forgotten about by the end. america was more of a cardboard cutout than a character. wanda's corruption arc happened entirely offscreen which was definitely a choice to make. of all the movies this is one of them. it was a terrible decision to release this right after everything everywhere all at once.
Scarlet Witch was just unnecessarily too powerful in this movie. It's surprising then how Thanos lasted that long with her around in Avengers End Game.
Marvel is brainwashing us to believe this is a good movie.
Best of Movies/TV Series Collection
An incoherent mess that betrays its own rules, betrays the characters and straight up adds things when it has forgotten them earlier.
For me one of the best Marvel Phase 4 movies. Elizabeth Olsen delivering all the best, the emotion she conveys really moves us, I'm only sure that Elizabeth Olsen was born to Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch.
Quit disappointing. Lazy writing, with very little respect for background materiale and with some extreme plotholes. The hero of the story is "America Travis" ...hope we never se her again.
Fornutatly Elisabeth Olsen is still amazing.
Cumberbatch isn't his best, maybe he was a annoyed by the quality of the story as well.
When did everyone start pretending that Sam Raimi is a great director? I feel like I missed a meeting.
Good movie, Elizabeth Olsen carried this movie
I love Marvel, and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is one of my favorite Marvel movies of all times. Regardless, my biggest complaint is that America C.'s character was very weak, annoying, and somewhat cringe.
I absolutely yawned watching this
An amazing movie not just visually but Story as well
It had a couple fantastic moments, but especially towards the end it got a little too ridiculous for its own good.
The main actress was awful. No chemistry between her and Dr. Strange. The only decent scene was when they traveled through the multiverse and even that was too short. And of course the a g e n d a that was slipped in was obnoxious.
Weird, uninteresting for good chunks of time and overall, I’m not too pleased with the direction of the MCEU since Endgame/ new Spider-Man movies.
Doutor Estranho no Multiverso da Loucura não é um filme ruim, mas também está longe de ser um dos melhores filmes da Marvel.  
A narrativa é totalmente fluida e funciona dentro das consequências que são desencadeadas pelos personagens, mas uma das coisas que mais incomodam é o enredo preguiçoso que tenta forçar todo telespectador a acreditar que as motivações de Wanda podem se resumir apenas às suas necessidades maternas, algo que se perde de forma simples diante de todo o caos causado pela personagem. Apenas esse ponto faz você repensar o filme e perceber que tudo poderia ter sido resolvido em apenas 5 minutos.
Doctor Strange en el multiverso de la locura, el ritmo vertiginoso cual torrente mantiene al espectador inmerso, de principio a fin, genial
I was highly anticipating this one as Dr Strange and Wanda are my favs. The movie is pretty entertaining for the most part. The script struggles to be consitent with its lore and doesn't seem to reflect on the previous movies. I'd say it's good for the most part, but many scenes feel either rushed, out of place, stale or just downright weird. I would say that it's worth watching if you love Dr Strange and Scarlet Witch.
I was very hyped for this movie because of the leaks and rumors but at last it is what is, but still this 
movie is good so rating for this movie is a 7/10
Bad writing. To plug the plot holes in this mess you would need all the Ricks and all the Mortys. This film should have surpassed all mind bending multiverse genre shows that came before it. Instead it simply dipped its toes in the water and called it a day. The writing for Dr. Strange, wong,  and wanda was garbage, and it felt more like an America Chavez movie than a Dr. Strange movie. Disney movies as a whole are garbage of late, especially the ones from franchises that existed before they were bought by the mouse.
The effects, the scenery, the cast, the individual performances and even the secondary stories around the main plot are really excellent. But, because there is a but and huge one: it seems that a complete series wasn't enough for the "Wanda misses someone" and they had to do a movie about it and bring Dr. Strange to it, why not? I hope she never loses her house keys and we have to see an entire saga about it.
Now that's a Marvel Movie!! Dang that was awesome!
The story had the potential, but was completely lost in a never ending task of showing tha women are better then men.
I might be biased as to anything Dr. Strange because as a kid -- he was my favorite comic book "hero". I loved the bizarre artwork and strange characters and plots. Does this movie deliver? Oh yes! Great acting, engaging plot, over-the-top awesome special FX and plenty of action. I am not going to do my typical lengthier review of a movie I loved -- other then to say this: Just watch it. It's a fun ride!
While the madness of "multiverse of madness" was certainly met, the filmed lacked the main idea that is the multiverse. Promises of the film and supposed villains were not met with continuity errors present in the film from the first iteration of the Dr Strange film franchise. There were little to no memorable moments of the main character, Dr Strange himself. Strangely (pun intended) the movie focuses a lot on Elizabeth Olsen's Scarlet Witch which was for the most part confusing as the character had no relevance to the first iteration of the Dr Strange film franchise whatsoever. One might assume the term 'MOM' short for "Multiverse of Madness" was the focus of this movie what with Elizabeth Olsen's tenure as a mother (with supposedly fake children and robot husband). All in all this movie failed to deliver the exciting prospect of the multiverse apart from it's promising end credits scene.
Multiverse of Madness is the kind of movie that has 'nothing tops this' written all over it. With essences of numerous genres blended perfectly together it truly induces a madness of ambiences. Fx enriched with a rush of colour, celebratory of it's beginnings. The space provided for antagonist to accumulate seemed at times to be inadequate. The anticipation involving the perpetrator seems to be thrown out the window, if there was just a little bit more put into elaborating the boasted dark hold at first stages of the story it would have been a fair representation for both sides of story. 
Story's progression however seemed to cover every little spot it missed. It's a tremendous amount of work successfully producing a true marvel of Madness.
I enjoyed this installment! Well executed, good story, overall good characters, and some fun Dr. Strange-level special effects to enjoy. Not many post-Endgame Marvel films have impressed me so far but this one had enough twists and development to it I felt like it kept me engaged. I would screen prior to showing to your kids but overall felt there was not a lot of really objectionable content although there are some scary looking characters for sure. Overall, I would recommend adults and older kids watching this film.
I have no idea what people find entertaining about this bizarre mess. From start to finish it's like a writing aneurysm. The original film was outstanding. This was just go-go-go-go-go all about nothing. It didn't even follow it's own logic let alone previous films. It was all just too much. This Marvel phase has a couple good films and that's about it ... the rest are complete duds. This film was pretty (in a video game explosion sort of way) and that's about the highest praise I can offer. Would not watch again - pretty big disappointment - this is one of the new Marvel films we were looking forward to.
Sam Raimi is back and gives charecter doctor strange the comic book craziness he thrives on. It was truly awsome to see a stylistic comic book flick, where the picture feels right out of young Sam Raimi's imaginatination. As Marvel-superhero fatigue sets in, audiences can come to expect some awsome whacky comic fun, as the last attempt to keep us on our heels. Get ready for DC VS MARVEL: the motion picture, james gunn's pitching it!
Very disappointing.... story line made no sense, definitely a step down from the first doctor strange
Good movie, it's a mess but it's still good, although this is more of a Wanda movie than dr strange, america Chavez is also likable
CGI was great. Slight issue. This is not what a Marvel movie should look like. A character that literally PREACHES that a persons sacrifice means infinitely more than their life, all of a sudden drops everything to rescue a girl he met a few hours earlier. Also, I don't like that they tried to make Wanda a hero at the end by sacrificing herself. She literally turned John Krasinski into spaghetti to get back to her not real children. She also took one of her variants away from her kids. 
This is not how to do parenting.
Also, Sam Raimi should try a bit harder to hide the fact that this was a horror movie disguised as a Marvel movie. Too dark in the wrong ways for Marvel, but the CGI was really good.
This movie was a much more solid of a film compared to other MCU films. I found the pacing of the movie to be perfect along with a great cast and performances. Elizabeth Olsen and Benedict Cumberbatch did amazing in their roles. As a MCU fan, there were quite a bit of plot holes that were not answered such as Vision not being in the film.
This was criminal. I can tolerate a mediocre "The Dark World" type sequel but this wasted a brilliant character with so much potential, and wasted years of build up with Wanda. Plot was all over the place, no clear direction, new threads, stakes and rules being added in a way that felt meaningless. Genre was confused, wasted the multiverse premise and the Illuminati, both of which could have been great (and no it doesn't have to be Wolverine vs John Wick riding Godzilla or anything). Lastly, America could've been great, and she was well acted, but spent the whole movie running away and making goofy stars. Least favourate MCU movie due wasted potential and characters
i rlly enjoyed this film
Marvel ruined an other franchise. They need to move on from this multiverse fixation.
Where is the Multiverse? Where is the madness?!?!?
Another MCU film which just wasn't very entertaining. Honestly, Marvel movies all feel generic with the same jokes, cgi, and action sequences. I'd hoped this film would be different because it was Dr. Strange but it was just the same refried crap.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness didn't give me what I wanted. It was a fun, marvelous ride from the universe to the universe, but it was not as good as I had hyped for. Sam Raimi's touch obvious in every second yet still has a... problem.
Eu literalmente dormi no cinema, entediante ao extremo.
My number one worry going into this film was that it wouldn't be a Stephen Strange film but a Wanda film. I was half right.

Spoiler alert: She is the main baddie. And she kills many people to try and suck the power out of America Chavez in order to "dream walk", the act of going into a variant of oneself and taking over their body. She has been corrupted by an evil book and has found out there are variants of her children in the multiverse and she wants them for herself. I kind of felt like her story was already told in WandaVision, and this also feels like a season finale of that.

The exposition, which there is a lot of, is not as bad as I've seen in other movies. But because there is so much "madness" going with Wanda chasing Chavez through the multiverse, the script doesn't allow that much space to breathe.

There are some strong moments in the film involving Strange meeting his other selves, or talking with a variant of Christine, and being confronted with his own ego and arrogance. But sadly, they are very fleeting. And that's a huge problem. My favorite scenes in the MCU have always involved dialogues about morality, grief, mortality and other strong themes. Ex: The balcony scene in the first Doctor Strange + the Sokovia Accords debate in Captain America Civil War.

The movie's themes are primarily about people wanting what they can't have. While this wasn't the sequel I was truly hoping for, it is what we have. It's what I like to call "the saggy middle": not quite up to par with its predecessors but entertaining and important nonetheless.
Marvel seems to be going downhill. Not a fan of this instalment. Was it about Dr Strange or the Scarlet Witch? It didn't feel believable as to what happens and why. Not a great addition
It looks pretty good, but I didn't really know what was going on. Apparently you need to have watched the Wondavision beforehand, which I hadn't.
Always the same thing, this days the story is secundary
not what i expected, but still a terrific, crazy and epic journey through the multiverse
This sequel is pretty much what you might expect of a Hollywood Marvel film - I liked the character based on the original film and I enjoyed the various visual effects. It goes without saying there's plenty of CGI laden effects present and a fair 'dollop' of action and tense moments throughout but I admit I'm no Marvel afficiando and so I didn't really follow the various intricacies where the various characters are concerned. I felt a bit disconnected to this film compared to what I remember of the first one, due to it being so centered away from the 'real world' (in New York or wherever) and more set in the various Marvel universes, as the title alludes to. I did enjoy it for the basic entertainment value but I imagine big fans of the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) would enjoy this more than me. Even so, I reckon this film desveres a 3 star rating at the least. Benedict Cumberbatch gives a pretty decent performance, given the script and everything. It's hardly great but it's certainly ok. If your really into these kinds of films then yes I'd say it's worth seeing, if not then perhaps not, that's about all I can say really.
Deixou muito a desejar, a Marvel vem decaindo muito em suas produções nos últimos anos, será que perderam a mão?
The more I think about this movie the more I'm confused on whether I like it or not but overall it was a decent watch with some good elements to the film
Bad writing and plot, what they did to scarlet witch made no sense
The most brutal MCU movie to date, there is a lot of nasty kills in it that Marvel doesn't use to do which can be really entertain and shock the viewers. It's not quite the horror or cameo-filled movie expected but it works as a dark superhero flick. Wanda steals the show, Elizabeth Olsen has the chance to play with such a complex character that reaches another level of complexity here since her last apparition in Wandavision. If her development since her show makes sense it's a little heartbreaking (and maybe unfair?) that her grief is still very there despite spending the whole Wandavision series accepting her loss. Sam Raimi direction is really present through the whole movie, a lot of scenes, camera angle, transition are direct references to his Evil Dead movies (not his Spider-Man trilogy so much). It feels very different from other MCU movies but it is definitely entertaining with ridiculous horror moment. The visual are also breath-taking as expected from a Doctor Strange movie but the CGI overload can be a little too apparent sometimes. The Score by Elfman is also phenomenal and doesn't feel too old school like I feared. The movie has his flaws, the whole first act feels very rushed and the beginning of the story doesn't make a lot of sense. Also, this movie definitely doesn't stand on his own, you have to go through several previous Marvel installment to understand and care about the characters and the story. Be prepared for one of the most memorable scenes from the MCU due to how unexpected the violent ranks up and for two not-so-much effective post-credit scenes.
Love this movie!! My only critique is that it's called "multiverse of madness" yet they spend the majority of their time in 3 universe (main mcu, Illuminati universe and evil strange universe) .. so it was a little disappointing in that aspect.
CGI was awful. Dr Strange's 3rd eye might as well been a sticker on his forehead. He wasn't even in his own movie to begin with. A far cry from his first movie.
A Fun movie that is mainly focused on the action rather than the potential arcs the characters could have explored before undoing what has led to this point where the MCU tears up into the multiverse of madness. it is still fun but, it felt unfinished and had a lack concerning MCU's potential by delaying an inevitable 4th installment for more years to come.
Martin Scorsese was right.
Very Well Done Superhero Classic with Horror Movie themes. The acting, special effects and pacing are very well done and is all very memorable. The Scarlett Witch is really good. The plot does a great job expanding on the ideas of the first film. That being said I had two problems watching this although both minor they persistent. First and the more serious one was just like the first one this film is very heavy with Exposition and it drags it at times persistently. Character development takes a back seat to explaining the plot and world lore. This film though does a great job of making you feel enveloped in the world because of the strong visuals, creativity, and mind bending plot through the characters just as much as the Multiverse itself. I don't know how one would fix that because it all is important to the plot so its a fair trade off for the movie to exist. Finally if you didn't see the mini series Wandavision you will be lost at times for the first half of this film. In a sense this movie is for hardcore Marvel fans and there is no warning beforehand to know you had to see that before this. I hear many complaints about this being too dark and scary of a Marvel film. I dismiss that entirely. If a film is well done than its well done. That would be like saying Aliens (1986) isn't as good as Alien (1979) because its a Action Movie instead of being a Horror Movie like the first. Someone who argues that is missing the point, this is still a classic and very memorable Superhero Action Movie with some flaws. There is one scene in the middle without spoiling where it feels a bit unneeded though it is cool fan service it becomes distracting a bit to the pacing and things slow down. But overall this blends Horror, Fantasy, and Action very solidly. Very well done overall.
QUE DESGOSTO ESTE FILME ME CAUSOU, MARVEL/DISNEY ESPERO QUE VOCÊS VENHAM A FALIR
Doctor Strange In The Multiverse of Madness is a mind-bending sequel to 2016s Doctor Strange. With Sam Raimi's direction this is definitely the most unique entree in the Mcu to date. Whats great about this movie are the performances, visuals and just purely Sam Raiminess it without a doubt works for this movie and is definitely the most gory and violent marvel movie. He actually moves the camera and the villain (Wanda Maximoff) is basically just a horror monster with the score enhancing this belief. Elizabeth Olsen brings such a great performance and is the same for Benedict Cumberbatch who is awesome as always but surprisingly there is some nice character work in Dr Strange's character one bit in particular is the "Holding the knife" trope. It really balances well with his character and is well thought out enough to see this trope actually make sense if you think about it Dr  Strange does think without him everything will fail he does hold the knife. Sadly this movie is not without its flaws. the first half does feel a bit drawn out at times and the Cgi needs some work it is also rushed like the first Dr Strange and could do with an extra 20 minutes to balance everything out.  Also America Chavez is practically just a plot device with no real emotion and no well thought out development because the story is so fast paced the audience doesn't even care for her (no hate to the actress though). But its obvious what the biggest problem is and what fans were expecting just from the title and that's the "Multiverse Of Madness" instead we got a Sam Raimi film which is always a delight but the movie could of had those Raimisims but just a pinch more multiverse. We only got one 30 second scene which is amazing but that's basically it. also Wanda's sudden turn to evil could have been executed much better and it saddens me to say the end scene with her turning good again was executed poorly and was not satisfying enough to make her development very good also the illuminati was fun to see even if they got killed 5 minutes after. Overall Sam Raimi's vibrant visually stunning and spooky direction 100 percent worked for me and would love to see him direct more Mcu content.
8.5/10 Recommend highly.
Dr Strange 2 was No Way Home as far as Wandervison and the MVM is concerned... sorry I've wasted too much time on this film as it is
Really disappointing compared to the first.  I know it wasnt as much of a hit as other MCU films, but Ive always felt there was a lot of missed potential. Cumberbatch is once again perfect in the role, but unfortunately is given almost nothing to do here. It feels as though the MCU has been struggling to know what to do with the character for a while. It seems as though they still haven't quite figured it out. 

As with all Dr. Strange appearances since his debut, this outing has him appear as a glorified supporting role to America Chavez and The Scarlett Witch. While Olsen delivers a good performance, the direction that the character was taken felt hard to believe. That mixed with the lack of any clear rules to her abilities makes it harder to stay invested, or to know if our hero stands a chance or not. All in all its an unfortunate collection of half baked ideas not quite distilled enough to become anything more than just a missed opportunity.

Also while I'm sure a lot of fans enjoyed it, I found the Illuminati scene to be a bit of a waste. Any characters I recognised were barely used and all the ones I didnt care about had badass fight scenes together. What was the point of any of it? To milk the soundtrack of a TV show mads for kids in the 90s with better writing than your movie? The smartest man alive was an clown turned into string in seconds and the guy with the voice that can disintegrate with a whisper is killed because Wanda can do whatever the plot needs her to.
Just boring cameos sucked
Although it was a bit too campy at times, this movie has some insane stuff going on. It truly felt like reading a comic at some points. There were a few great performances, and Elizabeth Olsen really stole the show. However, Doctor Strange doesn't seem to be an exciting enough character to carry a movie on his own, and that was evident with this sequel.
This movie is one of my favorite movies of all time! The acting was incredible the cgi, the whole movie itself was mindblowing. This movie brings new possibilities of the multiverse for the future of the mcu. Love the actors and director can't wait to see what marvel does next with The Scarlet Witch and Doctor Strange. Looking forward to seeing Clea in the next film!
If you don't listen to nonsense on the internet and keep your expectations in check, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is amazing! It is a great Stephen Strange story that explores the dangers of the multiverse with great supporting characters and a unique villain. It has a right amount of mindblowing moments without detracting from Strange's character or the story. With Sam Raimi's signature style this is one of the best directed MCU movies. Raimi perfectly brings a new horror element to the franchise, it is the most violent MCU movie with great visuals. The score by Danny Elfman is great to hear too. Benedict Cumberbatch is incredible as the lead once again and Elizabeth Olsen is incredible as the antagonist. Multiverse of Madness is superior to the first movie.
This will probably be the last good Marvel movie. Better than  I expected, but to many things spoiled before it came out. my original review didn't go through, so just make it short and sweet... Definitely not looking forward to any other marvel movies or series after Thor and Guardians 3...
Love how they show how desperate Wanda is for family, since it's all been taken away from her MUST WATCH!!
Dr Estranho é coadjuvante em seu próprio filme.
Sorry I found it a bit of a yawn fest. nothing offensive though
A very enjoyable movie!! Sam Raimi's twist to the MCU was a very fresh and new flavour to the MCU.
Was it good? No. Was it what you expect of a Marvel film these days? Yes. The story missed allot of what the movie pretended to be. The story isn't really about Docter Strange, but about Wanda, who has the most predictable story progress in the movie. Like all Marvel movies these days they make alott of revrences about shows and movies not every vieuwer watched, what all by all don't matter for the story and is just used as a marketing scheme to get you to watch these series and movies, Alott of overdone CGI, that at the point it becomes ridiculousness. The end of the movie was soo boring, that a girl who barley did anything the whole movie saved the day. I woudn't recommend this movie at all, it really just trying to sell on famous actors and CGI, with no focus on a real story.
Wanda Maximoff my queen.
Elizabeth Olsen...best actress! Oscar worthy
Mindless, it goes nowhere fast. Utterly boring and predictable nonesense.
Dr. S and the MOM is a fitting title. It's truly a sequel to WandaVision than Dr. Strange and it suffers tremendously from it. More moral ambiguity shrouded under justifying horrific acts because of victimhood. 
If the studio changed the villain from Wanda to Mordo to follow the post credit scene of the first Dr. Strange movie, they basically could have kept the same plot beats, but make Mordo trying to find this kid for the sake of draining magic from people, or specifically Dr. Strange, throughout the multiverse as he did in said post credit scene, and it would have been an infinitely better movie. 
That said, Raimi's touch for Horror/Comedy is seen in part in this movie, but it's truly restrained by the studio and it suffers for this. 
I suspect that as Disney Marvel moves forward in their multiverse saga that we will see more films like this with absolutely world breaking McGuffins and solutions that end up raising more questions and poking more holes in the plot of the films and MCU as a whole than they do actually assist in telling the story. 
But hey, it's flashy and looks cool, so put a straw in it and gulp this stuff down.
I loved the darker tone this movie took. The action and horror elements added so much. Elizabeth's performance was also sublime. You can totally feel the grief and despair she portrays as the Scarlet Witch. Not to mention watching her destroy everything in her path is incredibly satisfying.
This movie is fantastic!  Introducing Sam Raimi's style into the MCU has sent Doctor Strange in a whole new direction.
Too much action, dull characters(America Chavez was just a human MacGuffin), Scarlet Witch heel turn to being an evil villain did not make much sense at all. Poor writing ("FORTIFY YOUR MINDS!")

This movie was an inconsistent mess and I wish it wasn't so as Stephen Strange was one my favorite characters in the MCU
Bad writing from start to finish and the CGI is also bad.
Another forgettable entry into the mcu.
Long, Lame, and unimpresive!
i usually love superhero movies for their imagination and creativity, but i found this one to be glaringly uncreative. i think a movie featuring magic requires an impressive amount of creativity, but throughout this movie the characters mainly just hit each other with different magic rather than manipulating reality or something, like in the first movie. this movie also threw character development in the garbage, especially for wanda but also dr. strange. i'm sad i paid money to see it in theatres rather than just waiting for it to come out on disney+.
Awesome movie. Loved it.
Nah this new doctor strange is definitely valid! fooled with the first one and i like this one too
Jesus that was a mess, It would be long to tell why I don't like this movie, but in short:

1. movie is about Wanda, not Strange
2. Strange is weak, almost all major stuff is done by others
3. powers - no one even try to care how they work
4. almost all scenes with Wanda were just silly and become meme.
The film is fine. Though it really lost me towards the end and it was kind of mediocre. Kind of funny how Doctor Strange is better in the MARVEL films he doesn't star in.
Very disappointing !!! Didn't even give 5% of my expectation. I was so hyped to see those cameos that the fans were discussing. But it didn't even deliver 1 % of my hype . There are no big action sequences for Doctor strange except the Gargontos sequence which was a bit good. Its biggest negative is its runtime. It is like a 3 hr movie forcefully cut shot into a 2 hr cut. It is abrubtly cutting some action sequences that has to be long. There are some unnecessary scenes that can be replaced with great ones like Doctor strange vs Mordo. There is no multiverse exploration in this movie. It doesn't deliver the title. The Illumanti team are gone in the first film they appear. Wanda scores better than doctor strange. Apart from these negatives there are a bucket load of plot holes. The half star is for the visuals and the horror stuff in this movie which are PRETTY decent.
Was looking forward to this but another boring disappointment. The new female characters that are stronger and smarter and never beaten or put down, gets so tedious. We get it, all men are crap. I'm done with these mediocre films and shows.
What a great addition to Doctor Strange
The writing is bad, the acting seemed awkward, the jokes fell flat - the movie's a mess.

Sam Raimi - step away from the MCU.
I think this movie is a must see in the MCU, Olsen and Bennedict acting is absolutely great. It's a bit creepy sometimes, and though it's a Dr. Stange movie Wanda is a scene stealer, I mean it's like her movie and Strange is just trying to keep America alive, which he can't. She's the supervillain, can't be stopped, and she's ultimately the hero.
Elizabeth Olsen absolutely shined in this movie eating up every scene as the Scarlet Witch.  Her acting chops are right up there with others.  People go into these movies and disect them for what they dont like etc.  But I can tell you my daughter and I enjoyed this one completely. No complaints here other wanting more.  On what was delivered though it was an awesome different take for Doctor Strange.
It was ok and I enjoyed the effects but it was all over the place. I can following movies pretty well and this was going to many directions.
Phase 4 is still spiraling downwards.

Positives+
+ Everything Visual is on a great level (as you can expect from a multimillion$Produkction)
+ Great acting (besides Chavez...)
+ some interesting look and style choices
+ pretty creepy at some points which i liked (Wandas 4th wall break...)

Negatives-
- After Dr. Strange beeing already stupid and incompetent in Spiderman: No Way Home, he is now still a dumb idiot making stupid choices - he should be insanely smart...
- (Magic) Powerlevels are weird, stupid and just never consequent, they just switch it the way they need it to be to benefit the story
- So many unrealistic choices beeing made its insane: wanda limping (she can fly...), Kamar-Taj Fight, Music-Fight of the Stranges, The Cape cant lift a motorcycle, america is suddenly strong if she needs to be, The Illuminati are a joke (Mr. Fantastic is super slow but should be super smart and fast, Cpt. Marvel crushed by a statue, xavier can't beat wanda in a mindfight, wtf?), 
- Chavez trusts Dr. Strange after 3 talks completely, although he wanted to kill her before, her character is so bland in general
- lesbian mothers? sure why not...
- Dreamwalking super OP and crazy
- weird consequences for Dr. Strange while dreamwalking in a dead body, who made those rules?
- why is there no Vision or Wandas Brother in the Multiverses who would talk her down?
- wanda's motivation: my boys - she would tear apart ALL OF THE MULTIVERSES just to have them ?! well in the end she doesn't, suddenly
- multiverse pandoras box now opened and what else matters now? (like with loki)
- many many more
it's a tacky, badly-written, awkwardly-acted soap opera.

Despite its huge budget, it feels like a cheap B movie.
Not really a horror movie, whilst it has it's moments. Slightly disappointed at that and the lack of multiverses consider it's called 'Multiverse of Madness'. But all in all, a really good film for Dr Strange and a great return for Sam Raimi to the superhero movie scene.
I really was a fanboy of Marvel Cinematic Universe until Avengers: Endgame, I disenjoyed so many Marvel Studios movies. This is the one that makes me want to leaving as a fans. Why? Simple! I don't like the cameos, the conclusion, and the turning point of the antagonist character at the end of the movies.
Great story but a little cramed with all of the characters. The lead actors did a wonderful job. The movie has great visual effects. overall, it was really good.
Absolute masterpiece.
2nd best MCU movie so far for me.
A wonderful mixture of the horror and superhero genres, the outstanding direction of Sam Raimi and creative visuals result in a beautiful film with well developed characters and a thrilling plot which opens up a multiverse of endless possibilities for the future.
10/10
The best product from Phase 4 of the MCU so far.
A very Raimi film, I commend him for his style. There a lots of creative camera angles, undead moments, and more. This almost felt like an early 2000s super hero move. Probably the darkest of the Marvel films. The direction was not the problem with this movie. There was really good acting, and fun cameos. But the writing was very poor. Because of the writing, the plot ended up being boring and carried by cringy dialogue. This movie needed about 20 additional minutes in the exposition. Wanda's motivations felt weak and undeveloped. Because of that, it's hard to care what happens as the movie goes on. I've realized I'm not a fan of Strange and Scarlett Witch as the leads. While their acting was strong, their characters are a lot stronger as supporting characters. For a multiverse film, we don't get universe jumping one would hope for. We got a quick glimpse in the first half, otherwise you're in the same one for the entirety of the movie. Visually, the movie is pretty strong. There is a lot going on, and it deserves to be seen on IMAX. Overall, I really didn't like this movie. Favorite part was the post-credit scene.
Another Marvel Classic. Doctor Strange is one of the best. They took a risk going a little darker than usual here, and they hit a home run. Loved this movie!
I finally caught Dr Strange/Multiverse on Disney+. While there were some parts which might have been 'cool' in the theater, honestly, I am glad I waited and caught it for free. I think 'it passes the time' but is a step down from earlier Marvel movies and overall ranks somewhere in the middle of their releases.

Outside the first scene, the first hour is rather slow.  Things pick up in the second half, however, while I'll complain the movie was a bit too long, I'd also say they didn't build some portions of the story enough. Without getting into spoilers, character development of American Chavez is rushed at best (absent at worst) and Scarlet Witch's arc just seems to be a repeat of Wandavision.  We don't get much more from Strange, although the ending leaves us hanging intentionally. There are a few nods to fans which are great and the casting is on point.  Net - it left me wishing for what could have been vs wishing for more...
Because it is Dr. Strange so I've always had high expectation but this time is just not that exciting to me for various reasons :(. However, I'm looking forward to seeing what Clea will bring to the MCU universe
same marvel story , .
I love this movie from start to finish definitely had Sam raimi written all over it and made marvels 1st scary movie very exciting.
It's not the best of the Marvel movies, but it has some nice visuals and great performances by Lizzie Olsen and Benny C, (Olsen in particular) that make it a fun enough experience.

Ps. Michael Waldron stay away from Wanda!
The filmmakers really did try. Olsen and Cumberbatch continue to shine as their now arguably top-tier Marvel characters, and newcomer Xochtil Gomez does show some promise. However, the cameos are cheap and lacklustre and are totally inconsequential, and the multiverse is barely explored. But when I realised towards the end of the film what this film was - a made-for-TV Halloween movie from the ‘90s/early ‘00s, and the film, I felt, began to really embrace what it was, it actually became a pretty fun experience.
I was actually very impressed with this Doctor Strange movie. I was never that interested in the older ones, but this one was really good. I loved seeing Scarlett Witch and Doctor Strange fight one another and the storyline was so good!
Watched it while suffering on the couch with covid. 
I liked it.  
Wasn't as great as I thought it would be. I'd have loved to see more of the rumoured cast in it.   But all in all great acting, special effects were great.  Story was a bit so and so.
It should be called "Wanda 1". Ridiculous.
Mainly watched this for wanda. I didnt care for the doctor strange parts. Just watched this to pass the time but I would've liked to see more of wandas story line.
I was disappointed by this movie after I left the theater but the second time watching it through made me appreciate it more. This was a movie that was overshadowed by the expectations fans had placed on it but was actually fine as it was. I would’ve preferred another villain, and some of the characterizations didn’t make sense, but there are some fantastic Sam Raimi moments that make this first MCU horror movie a lot of fun.
One of the worst movies ever made. It is so offensive to all the senses. 2 Girls 1 cup has a higher re-watchability than this dump fest.
The smartest man in the universe spilt apart like a shredder. Enough said.
as much as I want to say I really liked this movie I overall felt disappointing and what made me really excited was the fact that it was meant to be a horror and although it kind of achieved it it still felt cheesy and underwhelming.
Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness is a sequel worth watching. This is by far Elisabeth Olsen's best outing as The Scarlett Witch.
Really didn’t enjoy this one too much. Bizarre and the plot was not that exciting. Many characters and scenes were too strange. Marvel really struggled to incorporate good humor.
Sam Raimi was wasted on this. He should make independent films
One of the few MCU movies in which the signature, unmistakable style of its director shines through while still being faithful to the formula that keeps this mighty franchise going. This was a blast and is one of my favourite MCU films to date.
Yeah i actually don't really like this movie let me explain.Lets do the first the good stuff so the CGI effects look amazing honesty i like it very much i love when doctor strange and america chavez go and jump through those different worlds that was very cool and man that was very good.I loved the action it was nice to see the illuminate team was fun team but they died fast and t was funny,now bad stuff,The biggest problem that it does not live up to its name multiverse of madness i need some more its like we visit like what 3 places are something and when doctor strange and america chavez going through those different worlds like the paint world and that animated world like could hade did so much but its kinda wired.scarlet whitch as a villain was wired and like in the trailers it looked like they were going to work toeghter but then its her she was alright i guess i wish it was something different and i think she was defeated to quick same problem like thor love and thunder.I loved doctor strange fight with the music and even the post credit scene is wired 3rd eye goes on doctor strange then its so suspenseful and then it changes in to this other thing when this purple dress woman and says come and whatever so that 3rd eye post credit scene was bad because the suspense was just throw away.but its a 5.5/10 didn't really like it and needed help but thank you for the movie anyways.
The movie was great and really opens the doors to the multiverse sage. I'm excited to see where they go after this.
MCU's best movie, different, authorial and amusing.
Such wasted potential. The characters introduced were all just throwaways. The story in the film was unenjoyable and unsatisfying.
Original from the usual Marvel. Gotta love Raimi's touch
Extraneous weight on the story detracted from the experience.
I don't know why Marvel labeled this movie horror, it's anything but. Rami does a decent job returning to Marvel with his take on the Sorceror (not) Supreme. The reason that it holds some value is that it capitalizes on the Marvel series "What If?" When it comes to alternate Stranges. Scarlet Witch could've been the best villain in the MCU easily buy they make it way to uneven when it comes to basic common sense and how she handles things (magic books don't cover all the plot holes). I find it a waste on how they had several cameos but the only one that mattered somewhat is Patrick Stewart. Not as good as the first one, but a decent watch.
I think this movie is good, despite being a little inferior to the previous one, it's still good. I just think that anyone who hasn't watched the WandaVision series will miss out on this movie a bit, and that can be a negative point in my opinion.
While the visual effects and mind bending and the action keeps the mind very busy, this fick misses what I especially love about many of the Marvel Universe Movies--lots o humor, so the Guardians of the Galaxy series and the Deadpool movies are still my favorites! Nice to see Patrick Stewart again!
This was just the plot of Wanda Vision but with a bunch of added multiverse nonsense
Not quite what I, as a MCU fan, was looking for and personally, the strange editing was the only part of the film I would not have changed.
I couldn’t tell you how much I looked forward to this movie, just to be disappointed. The first Doctor Strange movie was 10 times better, and this one did nothing to make me feel like it was building on something bigger
I probably need to watch this movie again to see what I missed. It was all over the place. I kept thinking if I rewound maybe I would understand why the scene changed, or what was the importance of this scene to the story. I think it was intentionally confusing. It was the multi-verse of madness:)
It's a good fast paced Marvel movie, but why name Avengers "End Game" if it's not the end. Always making a Buck
Another predictable and exhausting entry in the MCU. They introduced new characters to spite the fact that now they have to make new movies. Disney is making the Toyota Camry of action films. It’s reliable, it runs forever, and you don’t really brag to your friends about it.
Some of the sequences were pretty interesting but man this movie sucked.   Wanda, terrible plot holes regarding her motivations.  Dr Strange has only gotten dumber throughout time.  America Chavez --- ambiguous powers and on the nose wokeness. 

Ruined appearance of multi verse reveals.  

Such a dumb show.
Meh, i expected more. Wong ruled but thats about it.
An entertaining film, with at times some cringey cgi and moments. One of the better avengers movies since end game, but still not hitting the same heights that Marvel used to hit.
Their was too much inconsistency. A lot of dumm decision were made by the characters. Some scenes were totally useless to the story and a waste of our time. 
They did Wanda a disservice: I felt like it was a bad version of Jean grey/ Dark Phoenix.
Another in a lackluster Phase for Marvel.  Wanda's character is awesome and I'd have loved to go to her movie!  Watching Dr Strange play 2nd fiddle in his own movie was less than ideal.  Also, what was the point of WandaVision if she was just going to be evil anyway afterwards AND not care about Vision anymore?  They allude to the Darkhold but it's so subtle no one in my group picked up on it.
It was good, not the greatest Marvel movie but good. I didn't like the plot they made for Scarlet Witch. It was hard for me to see her as the evil one in the movie.
My score: 83% "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness might have a few issues telling its ambitious story, but a strong cast and Sam Raimi's signature style make for a fun ride."
100% Sam Raimi, I loved it. One of the best Marvel movies.
I kinda enjoyed the movie it was great movie I love to see Wanda back 7.5/10
Good movie!  Cumberbatch is an amazing actor.
Not enough multiverse or madness.
Wanda Vision the movie meh
Wasn't that great, just meh. Super cringy at times
The very definition of mediocrity when the bells and whistles of fan service cameos are stripped from it bare.
A frustratingly inept and pointless film that misses the mark on every level. The characters are so vacuous that it's borderline offensive. It's the movie you'd end up with if you gave $200 million to a stoned 17-year-old who thought the occult was cool but who had never had a meaningful interaction with anyone female. I wish I lived in the universe where they didn't make this movie.

The "multiverse" idea has been done so much better by Marvel themselves, and recently: the phenomenal Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and the What If... series. In fact, What If... covers the same ground, with Doctor Strange a central character at times, and deals with the whole concept in a much deeper, more interesting, and sometimes brilliantly comedic way. They should have just stuck with that.

One of the main characters, America Chavez, has been so poorly written that her main character trait is that she has lesbian parents. Apparently she accidentally travels through the multiverse when she's scared. Why, then, she doesn't travel more when hotly pursued by a murderous, powerful, and very scary witch is not explained. Also left unexplored is anything even remotely interesting about the character, such as how she survived alone, why she is the only one, what effect her intense guilt has actually had, or how, perhaps, she clings onto her humanity when, so untethered and lost, she has been the loneliest person in the multiverse. An allegory for the difficulties an orphan or foster kid face could be one avenue, or immigration an obvious alternative. But no. Instead, we get a Double Doctor Strange Magic Rainbow Musical Note Fight because… I don't even know. I already said this movie was "pointless", so I'll go one further and say "a monumental waste of everyone's time".

Also maddeningly botched was Wanda Maximoff. We learned to understand - perhaps even love - her in Wandavision, where she faced a terrible choice between keeping her children or freeing a town. Ultimately she chose in favour of the town. And now, according to this film, the next thing she does is to murder lots of people and terrify her own children by taking over a version of herself that actually does have kids. To say that this version of Wanda is inconsistent with her established character is an understatement - it's a total disrespect, not just to the previous material, but to the glorious possibilities of a story which could have explored the depths of grief and sacrifice, of motherhood and women who can't - or choose not to - have children, and of the temptations of power. Instead, we get someone who literally needs to see their own child crying in front of them before they realise they might have done a bad thing. 

But why? Why turn a character which had been carefully developed into an intelligent and compassionate (but grieving and damaged) heroine into a villain so dumb that they get caught out by the ol' "you didn't tell me their name, did you?" trick, when the other guy wasn't even trying to catch them out? The only explanation I can come up with is that Raimi and Waldron didn't actually watch any of the preceding material and just thought "she's a witch, and witches are bad, right?" And then, presumably, they thought that because they had a witch, that all other tired horror tropes should be crowbarred in too. Was Raimi hired because the witches, demons, ghosts, and zombies were already in the plot, or did he cram them in there because that's what he thinks is cool, regardless of whether it would actually make for a good movie? My guess would be the latter.

Aside from the (lack of) characters and plot, how does the film fare? Still poor, considering the resources they had available. It's a pretty film, sure, but given their budget, "pretty" is really the least one could expect. It was heavy on the slo-mo, glass-shattering effects, sparkly magic dust, and "shattered dreamworld" backgrounds, but all this actually means is that it is the big-budget CGI equivalent of a kaleidoscope. 

Many other reviews seem to suggest that this film is good entertainment. Good fun. It is most definitely not. It's the kind of film that makes you despair and wonder how on earth these people keep getting paid so much to make such awful drivel. This film was pretty much guaranteed to make a billion no matter what they did - the very least they could have done was not to completely balls up the basic ideas and characters for anyone who comes after. But they failed miserably at that.
Yep, just another bland crap shat out on Disney's assembly line. I swear, everything went to shit after Stan Lee passed away, I'm glad he is not alive to see what a cesspool they've become.
Long, corny and predictable
The movie was decent and covered all its bases and character arcs. I think this is one of the first MCU movies I watched, however, that seemed to get dragged down a bit by its baggage.

The main theme is "letting go" with Dr. Strange learning to let go of his past relationship, America Chavez letting go of her past trauma, and Wanda failing to let go of her desire to be "reunited" with her kids. This all works fine as a standalone movie, but if you watched "Wandavision" like I did, you basically see Wanda (the main antagonist) deal with the same themes.

This movie basically does an "arc reset" for the antagonist, and I think that can upset some viewers. The last time I saw a big backlash against this was with "The Last Jedi" where Luke Skywalker goes from jedi knight who never gives up to crusty old hermit who doesn't even try to fix things.

The thing that saves the movie for me is the sheer spectacle. The "Illuminati", the idea alternate selves, and the (true to the comics) psycadelic horror really makes the movie unique and worth watching.

If you want to see one multiverse themed movie this year, go see "Everything Everywhere All at Once" (one of my top 10 movies of all time). If you want to see Sam Raimi flexing his directorial abilities, go see this one too!
Well executed very interesting ideas explored, no super appealing characters, and some of there were over power or nerffed at some points, but in general is good.
The more I see Benedict Cumberbatch as Dr. Strange, the more I dislike his casting. His doesn't bring anything interesting to the role besides his fame, which of course brings in his fans, which seems like the only reason he was cast. But there's no character there besides occasional sarcasm and a wig that looks like it belongs on a Lego. Seriously, Marvel makes billions off these movies and they can't give the lead character a decent-looking hairpiece? It may seem like a minor point, but it was distracting with Captain America and Black Widow. Here, the hairpiece is so jarringly present it deserves its own screen credit. Overall, this movie is just bland and noisy. It uses the messy WANDAVISION as a prequel; by the end of that show, Wanda seems to have resolved her issues with a tearful goodbye to her kids -- until the post-credit scene where we see her reading the evil McGuffin. Then, hocus pocus, suddenly she's full evil here, wants the kids back, and there is barely a hint of any of the good person she was before. Then this movie rips off the plot -- villain wants to steal alternates of his currently dead family from other universe -- as well as some of the look of INTO THE SPIDER-VERSE, but is nowhere near as inventive, engaging, or entertaining. Director Raimi brings some visual flare, but too little of it works because of all the glaring plot holes. Why doesn't she care about finding a new Vision? Where is White Vision? Where are the rest of her good friends, the Avengers? As for the Doc, it never seemed like Christine was his one true love in the first movie, and they both seemed to have moved on. (Or that movie didn't put the work in of establishing any depth to the relationship.) But then the WHAT IF-- series made it seem like Christine was THE ONE, and this movie picks up on that -- and just repeats what the cartoon did. Poor Rachel McAdams and her mole. The less said about the Illuminati stunt casting the better. Cheap, very cheap. Wong comes off like an idiot and America Chavez dimly checks off a box. Superhero movies can be good, but this is just a mess.
Another meh MsheU movie. Musical fight was the cringiest thing ever, ending was dumb too. whole plot just begs the question constantly 'why?'
No puedo decir que sea mala, al contrario es una de mis favoritas.
Ya que nos trae algo nuevo al MCU, como los cambios de ángulo de las cámaras en la película y se agradece tener algo nuevo.
Great movie and what I would expect from the MCU
I don't have much to say about this movie, it met all my expectations, just the experience of the room that was horrible. But otherwise, impeccable performance by Elizabeth Olsen, Benedict C. Xotchil Gomez, and Benedict Wong.
Fun film, but a little too dark for me.
Good movie, but could have been much better. Wanda turning evil without any buildup was very annoying. The illuminati was killed off comically easy. It felt like they had too many ideas and not enough time to express them. The basic story was pretty good, but I was left really wanting more.
definitely a letdown to the hype. something is definitely off with Wanda's face in this movie also was not expecting her to go down that route considering her redemption in the end of Wanda Vision disappointed but would watch it again.
This movie was awesome!! Ofcourse my favorite character Wanda was the best part of this movie!! I love her villain era and she deserves better with her children and vision too!! I love how powerful Wanda is in this movie it really showed more of the Scarlet Witch which i love ofcourse!! Multiverse of Madness really fit the movie because its MADNESS and a lot of stuff happened and i love it so much!!! A REALLY GOOD MOVIE 1000000000000000000/10
The magic from the first movie is lost. Action packed, but too many ridiculous, stupid plot holes.
Filme medíocre, CGI até que está bom, fora algumas horas bem específicas que dá para perceber, porém é aceitável com uma história aceitável e algumas mortes bem estranhas, mas é um filme que se passasse na TV eu pararia para ver de novo, mas nas telonas, não!
Some serious plot holes, a lack of multiverses, but still an entertaining watch. The  (early) Raimi sequence near the end was the best part of this movie.
This is not a movie about Dr. Strange so I don't know why he is in a title. It is story of psychopathic witch, and her redemption, on which she doesn't deserve after torturing and killing mass of people just becasue she was sad.
As usual - you get tons of computer special effects and high production values. What you don't get is an engaging story - the story skips along so quickly that you can't get invested in the characters before they're killed off/dropped. It also feels about 2 acts too long. Acting by Cumberbatch is good, but everyone else is just sort of window dressing. Now slap in a healthy dose of woke-ism with same sex "moms" (sorry - science proves every child is a woman's egg and man's sperm) and some painfully obvious secondary character diversity casting and you've got the cookie cutter modern Hollywood summer movie.
i loved how fresh this movie was compared some of the other solo MCU films that feel very formulaic, this one doesn't although there is a villain that heroes need fight there is so much in here, learning about incursions and about what the darkhold is capable of and been in a couple of different realities in the multiverse. i get that this film may not have as much madness as people might want but a story shouldn't be abut the context it should be about the characters and this is very much a character driven story and our main leads, strange and wanda both face consequences from using the darkhold and for causing an incursion. I think the really big stuff in the multiverse will come later in specifically kang dynasty and secret wars and we will get little hints in upcoming projects as well with Kang appearing in loki you'd think and in antman. This is one of my favourite MCU films because it does feel so different from all the other films and the acting on display from everyone all around is the best i have seen in a marvel movie
disappointing didn't love up the hype and expectation
A sort-of companion piece to both Spider-Man: No Way Home and the Disney+ original series What If...?, Multiverse of Madness represents Marvel's latest, deepest dive into the functional possibilities of an alternate reality. Several realities, in fact, as the title should inform. While fighting to derail the latest dark, magical threat to our universe, Strange and company are sucked through a portal and tread upon dozens of similar, but distinct, versions of the MCU.

This serves as a fantastic excuse to get creative, with the brains behind the project energized by the chance... no, the directive... to be as crazy and weird as they wanna be, without the worry of resetting any pieces after the game's through. When you've got a closet full of Dr. Strange variations, the essential mandate that Dr. Strange must survive the latest Dr. Strange flick doesn't really hold water. Of course, there are ethical questions involved with all this - at least, from the characters' perspectives - but to a large degree, it feels like a loosening of the handcuffs.

Unfortunately, those freer stakes also make everything seem more artificial and trivial. The film appears to sense this, fighting to retain a degree of importance despite dozens of major, throwaway onscreen deaths, but isn't quite crafty enough shoot the gap. Instead, the pacing suffers for the attempt. An editor's nightmare, Multiverse of Madness is prone to long periods of lush, exciting visual concepts, followed by equally long periods of dull, plodding exposition and glacial character development. It's fun, actually lots of fun in shorter bursts, but very thin and entirely too long. And, while the geek in me appreciates just how thoroughly Marvel Comics the whole premise looks, acts and feels, I fear it's wandered too far from what made the MCU's earlier films so successful.
I have not seen a superhero movie this bad since Ryan Reynold's Green Lantern movie. The plot was weak and boring. I think that Benedict Cumberbatch is a great actor, but they portrayed his character as unimportant in this film.
This movie was so dark it’s unreal. When did it because ok to blatantly be demonic?
Roteiro fraco, cheio de furos. Principal objetivo do filme é panfletário de um viés político específico. Pouco preocupado com a fidelidade aos quadrinhos canônicos.
Good for Marvel movies not amazing. Liked the way horror was finally incorporated into a marvel movie. 7.4/10
Have absolutely no idea where Marvel was going with this one. Dr Strange is an amazing character, and the first movie was incredibly good. But, I dont know if this is an example of the Marvel fatigue that is setting in, but with giving much spoilers away, this is more Evil Dead than Marvel
Honestly thought this was one of the least entertaining films in the Marvel catalogue. The plot was uninspired and the action and comedy just didn't seem to match the quality of other titles that have come before it.
One of the better Marvel films. Best visuals I have seen in a movie paired well with the soundtrack. Really solid plot for such a complex story.
Decent film for superhero fans.
Seriously?!! This movie sucked. Big time. So much so that I needed to come leave a review. 
We are big fans of marvel and have enjoyed ALL the movies with our children…
The previous movies have been entertaining and funny and cohesive. 
This was none of that. 
It was long with no sensical story line, no plot, overly dark tones to the point that even I thought it was scary, and finishes with no motivation to watch the next chapter. 
It was a big old mess.
I was a huge fan of the MCU, but it has gone to complete shit post the Infinity Saga. The script of this movie is absolute nonsense and does not connect to the overall MCU in any way. Despite this film being a sequel to Doctor Strange, he is not the main character. The main character of this movie is Wanda Maximoff, who is now the villainous Scarlet Witch. There's zero character development and Doctor Strange is continuously made to look like a fool, which is completely out of character from what has already previously been established in the  MCU. But they do manage to force in plenty of woke garage, which is what all fans want to see in a superhero movie.
Really misses the mark. As a long time Marvel fan it's the first movie I almost walked out of. Cringey jokes and story line that's an absolute mess. My partner and I kept looking at each like is this seriously what they're doing right now. Really hope Marvel doesn't continue in this direction.
Should be renamed to Dr. Terrible in the Terrible of Terribleness. As a Marvel fan, this was a close second to worst Marvel movie ever (only to Eternals). Simply awful. It was a jumbled mess of a script, Dr. Strange wasn't really even the main character, and the ridiculous scenes where Strange mind controls a dead alt version of himself is like something that was written by a group of 15 year old boys after watching a cheesy zombie movie.
The plot seemed messy. It didn't line up with the end of wandavision, as a matter of fact it uses wandavision as something to drive the plot but doesn't take time to explain it. 
The characters also suck. The power scaling made no sense and at times seemed idiotic. If the scarlet witch had the power to manipulate reality outside of her hex from wandavision (as shown when she removed black bolts mouth).. then couldn't she recreate her kids... and since the multiverse is limitless couldn't she find orphan versions of her kids with ease.?!?!?!
But I'm just ranting about wanda... let's talk about strange.. he had a massive power loss between endgame and every movie since. And not only was his magic removed.. but so was he... FROM HIS OWN MOVIE. The movie wasn't about him, he wasn't the main plot driver. So why os he in the title of the movie?!?!

There's obviously a lot of plot holes and bad lines and visuals in this movie.. and as much as I'd like to point them all out, i would die before succeeding. So i just pointed out some big plot related issues.. but yeah.. This movie deserves less than half a star from me, but since that's not possible I'll aim for the lowest. 
I know i couldn't explain well for people to understand my sheer hatred for this movie, but i hope this will suffice.
Not the best. Entertaining, but a massive cash grab. Doesn't make me want to go back for the next in the franchise. They tried to fit too much in one movie.
It was pretty good but not the best and it was pretty scary
Bait-n-switch. The movie is not about Doctor Strange, it's about Scarlet Witch and America Chavez. Thanks for stealing my money, would have never had gone had I known what the movie was actually going to be about.
It was okay, I appreciated the horror aspects in a Marvel flick... but next time I'd like my Scarlet Witch movie to actually be titled after her. 
Doctor Strange is a strong enough character to have his own sequel without having to share the spotlight with other Avengers.
I can not believe Disney allowed such a Demonic movie to be made in the Marvel universe.  It was so disturbing that I had to stop watching half way through.
Fun watch. typical Marvel
Great serious movie, finally a director who knows what he should do, this is much appreciated specially if compared to the ridiculous Movie "Thor love and thunder". Scarlett witch and Doctor Strange were great, unfortunately Disney now wants to stuff the LGBTQ stuff in every movie.
Me llamo la atencion pero no me termino de convecer
I think this movie is extremely underrated. It's everything I wanted it be. I loved Wanda's story arc and I really enjoyed the horror elements. Finally some fun and weird action sequences sums this movie up to be one fun gory ride.
Exactly what it should be with complexity and visuals even if I hate watching the lead actor - It was realllly good
Underwhelming for sure, but not bereft of the Marvel spectacles that we expect to see in their films. Definitely worth watching, but manage your expectations
Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness was absolutely awful.

It should have been called "The Multiverse of Madness starring a supporting cast and a little bit of Doctor Strange on the side".

Why are we seeing so many movies and TV shows now where the supposed main character (you know, the character whose name is in the title) is NOT actually the main character?

This movie was not about Stephen Strange. It was actually a sequel to Wandavision that rolled back anything Wanda may have learned from her transgressions during the show. She's still a villain at this point and not a very convincing one.

Basically, everyone in this movie is more competent and dependable than Doctor Strange. He blunders his way into mess after mess and the supporting cast takes turns bailing him out.

Throughout the movie, I kept asking myself what Strange was even doing there at all. I suppose he was there to set up each minor character's chance to shine.

If this is what Phase Four has to offer us then perhaps Endgame should have really been the end.
Um filme OK, várias referências feitas, porém jogadas, faltou mais coragem ao roteiro.
Not bad. A lot of neat ideas and visual creativity. I wish it didn't have to be PG13 so it could explore some its darker ideas further.
This is a good example of a movie comic with a director's style! This is completely a Sam Raimi movie both in a good way and unfortunately in a bad way. However, the picture was still a success!
it is very entertainig, it doesn´t have the best plot and matbe it could has more quality CGI, but it keeps being a good MARVEL movie.
bom filme direcao impecavel mais o roteiro deixa a desejar em umas falas vergonha aleia da wanda que vila eu nao senti empatia nenhuma com ela e nem com a trama da chavez e so isso msm ate o prox filme
I think it was ok, he was sidelined in his own movie. Just call this Doctor strange WANDA-VERSE because its not about him.
Even Sam Raining can't save this from an overblown nonsense plot designed to move you from one CGI scene to the next...
I like Marvel films, but this one just couldn't hold my interest. I shut it off halfway in and went back to cutting my toenails in peace.
Marvel has become a spectacle devoid of core stories. Too many elements and too short time to explore the characters made this movie a soulless adventure and became boring pretty quickly.
Every other movie these days have dazzling VFX.  It has lost its appeal from the Avengers days. Marvel should invest heavily in stories instead.
Yeah was .... not bad. Not great but not bad either. Solid MCU entry.  Soke decent cameos for marvel fans to enjoy too
Glad this and Spider-Man: No Way Home have continued things along with the series Loki and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Cause a lot of the other stuff is confusing me, especially Captain Marvel is white then black then Ms. Marvel now. They could use a strong script to really bring it all back together as the Eternals, Moon Knight, Ms. Marvel aren’t really getting it done for me. This feels like where the Avengers are at, hopefully Thor brought some familiarity back with his new film. I feel a little lost though….
please, just stop trying so gddm hard... not every movie needs to a lesson in political correctness
A horror show. Gore, violence, jump-scares. A tragedy masquerading as a superhero movie. If Marvel continues down this path, I will not remain a fan. There are no victories in these movies any longer, only sad endings that weren't quite as bad as they could have been. This film should have been rated R for the (minor spoiler) skull crushing, eviscerating, neck snapping, and violent disfigurement shown vividly on camera. This was not the movie I expected to see, and I regret watching it.
While the writing leaves something to be be desired, Raimi's distinctive direction, the score, and solid performances from the cast - particularly Elizabeth Olsen's - make for a thrilling, enjoyable, and at times heartbreaking film.
Why call it Dr Strange rather the Scarlett Witch? 
Soo many stupid line telling the "bad guys" how to win.
No real character development and another " oh woe is me " from the Scarlett Witch.
Really just didn't do it for me.
so weird, so crazy, so insane, so sad, such a great villain, scarlet witch is best marvel villain ever!
This was a total waste of time. Cheap script and bad film thechnique. They ruined the whole character of doctor strange.
The whole film felt like it didn't matter
Should have been called Wanda or America Chavez.  Dr Strange was a supporting character.  Disney is ruining Marvel like they destroyed Star Wars
Good movie. I liked the way they managed to develop the main characters; however, the script has more mistakes than correct things. Fine soundtrack.
A bit disappointing to be honest.
A convoluted mess. I like Cumberbatch as Strange, and I like Olson as the Scarlet Witch, but too many opportune solutions, undeveloped McGuffins, and random side characters clutter the story. Add in a dash of Woke lesbianism and a whole lot of dark imagery, and you get this pile of MCU poo. Aside from a few cool cameos, there's really nothing to see here.
This has got to be one of the worse Marvel films ever put out. It was more like a Disney dash of this and dash of that of the old fairy tale movies. We watched this at home with the family and as the movie went on people kept leaving. Don't waste your money. Way to screw up the Marvel Universe Disney..........
Let's face it it's bollocks. Well acted but the plot is now cuckolded by the impressive special effects and the new law of thermodynamics which maintains everything related to superheroes must be fantastic.
Oooh there's a problem? Bang! New special effect and ludicrous interpretation of the laws of physics solves it. 
Oh no another problem! Bang! More special effects and more non science made up in the bath. And oh there's a surprise- the good guys win at the end. Yawn.
Yes it's visually fun but the whole franchise jumped the shark a long time ago.
Get the Cohen Brothers to direct the next one. Or David Lynch.
If you didn't have the chance to see it in theaters I would suggest watching it at home. While it may not be the strongest installment in the Doctor Strange saga it does draw nostalgia from the multiple appearances of fan favorites including honoring a casting that most marvel fans have been yearning to see. Elizabeth killed it in this film, and while I did enjoy every scene she was in, this felt more like a Scarlet Witch film than it did a Strange film. But I must say, with it's lows it has highs. And I would deff watch again!
It was really hard for me to watch with all the CGI and the back story I don't remember.. I love most superhero movies but one this complicated and crowded confuses me and I don't enjoy it.
Love it, but did kind of drag a bit. Love the Marvel humor--makes the movies!
Bit of a Mary Sue, but edgy enough to forget about that. 7.5/10 - Very good.
Awesome film, really well done and thoutfuly produced, my only problem with it is the fact that you need to have watched WandaVision on Disney+ (a paid subscription service) to be able to fully understand and enjoy the film
Dr Strange is not even in this movie aside from being the butt of a joke, or periodically waking up to get easily knocked back out of action.  A dozen cameos to be excited about, and they quickly get sidelined.  The entire movie is Marvel's attempt to wreck Wanda as she is now a supreme supervillain but really just wants to be a good mom.  She both creates the chaos and destruction and then resolves it all.  Dr Who should be the title of the 3rd installment.
I really liked it. The alternate universes were interesting. And I loved the Illuminati. I did not care for America the character and I really did not like Wanda as the irredeemably evil bad guy. The character deserved better. 


Strange and Wong and Doctor Palmer were all awesome.
Filme muito genérico, personagens usados apenas como fã service, apesar de ter pontos positivos, os pontos negativos se expoem mais.
It's a marvel movie, I wish it was spookier and possibly R rated.  If you like Sam Raimi's directing style you'll love it.  Ending resolution was pretty predictable but well executed
It was a good movie, I don't understand the negative reviews. It could have made a few better choices, but the motivations for the most part made great sense.
There could have been a little bit more madness to this multiverse but Sam Raimi’s direction makes this a unique and thrilling addition to the MCU. With great visual effects and excellent performances, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is an outstanding cinematic experience.
Doctor strange In the Multiverse of madness is a great film with amazing Ideas but Leaves you a little disappointed at the end of the movie being not to much Multiverse character or worlds they could have Visit. The great thing with this movie is Sam Raimi amazing directing and horror talent showing a Scary Wanda and how Doctor Strange has to deal with her is super fun to watch play out.
This is like the 5th time that I watch the movie but the first one in a proper Cinema, it’s an excellent movie, even there’s few things that could be better, anyways it’s one of my favorite movies ever. The excellence of the Elizabeth Olsen acting is on a whole new level. It’s 9.2/10 just because of HER!
Satanism with a bit of Marvel
Solid entry into the Marvel Mythos. May be a bit too cerebral for some (especially 'professional' movie critics under a certain pay grade), and a bit too cluttered and busy for others. But all in all it's good entertainment which doesn't push Disney's agendas to the point where it becomes a turn off.
It's enjoyable, but Raimis style just doesn't translate too well with doctor strange.
Olsen's Scarlet Witch was a fun watch, she's fantastic. But the movie felt off with me, was too long for what it was and the writing was a bit meh. Watch this movie if you really must. But it's not something I would press people to do.
Why did dr strange turn into a zombie…
I was pleasantly surprised that this movie is more about Wanda/Scarlet Witch than Dr. Strange.
too all over the place
I did not enjoy the way they wrote Wanda's character arc.  
She's completely crossed the line and has become unredeemable.
Everything coming out of Disney feels like they don't really care anymore.
Let's just call it what it is folks, Doctor Strange: In The Multiverse Of Madness is a stage set for two main characters in the well established MCU. The story plays not only as a direct sequel the Disney+ mini series Wandavision, which follows the traumatic results of Avengers: Infinity War through the eyes of Wanda Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen), it also puts Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) on a journey of self discovery while understanding his role in the vast Multiverse and what is means to hold the responsibility with having such powers. 

Through all of the madness we are introduced to a new heroine in the Marvel universe by the name of America Chavez (Xochiti Gomes) who plays a pivotal roll in the main plot due to her abilities to travel the multiverse inadvertently.

And if that's not enough to keep you engaged the film is Directed by the original 2001 Spider-Man film Sam Rami, and let's just saying Rami's DNA is all through out this film making it feel unlike any thing we have seen in the MCU to date.

The pros of this film include, Rami's ability to genre bend The Multiverse Of Madness into Marvels first Horror film. We're not talking slasher, but there is an underlying fear factor which keeps you on the edge of your seat once this thing takes off. Speaking taking off, the opening scene of this film drops you into the middle of chaos and never slows down. Not even during the post credit scenes. The style and pacing were absolutely amazing. Rami has managed to rejuvenate expectations on what to expect from a Marvel Studios production. We found ourselves, while watching, constantly telling ourselves that this doesn't feel the same. That only built more anticipation as the film went on. 

Now when it comes to cons right away we am have to address the elephant in the marketing. Clearly, despite Doctor Strange's name being in the title, this story is heavily surrounded around Olsen's Wanda Maximoff. It‘s a clear continuation to her overall ‘Wandavision' arch. That may  hinder the excitement for newer views who may have not watched the Disney+ series. So long story short, if you have not seen Wandavision on Disney+, the plot of this film will leave you sitting on the outside looking in. The MCU is on auto pilot and this is not a film train that you can just jump on while it's in motion.  

Overall and without a single mention of spoilers, we believe The Multiverse Of Madness was handled with care. With mild yet satisfying comic book cameo fan service, Doctor Strange: In The Multiverse Of Madness is sure to keep Marvel fans buzzing until the next project comes around. And to the many who say the cameos were a waste, they're simply forgetting the overall message from a another Marvel series, Loki. There are endlessness variants in the Multiverse. So, try not to hold on to everything you see and simply enjoy the times we're living in when it comes to superhero films.  

Last but not least, shout out to the dark yet clear vision of Director Sam Rami. It is his leadership on this project that has out  Marvel on the top of box offices once again!

We highly recommend you see this film BUT only after you do your homework and watch Wandavision on Disney+. Trust us, the pay off is worth it.
If you are hoping to continue the magic that came with the original Marvel saga then you will be sorely disappointed... Want to take your kids to the latest iteration of the Marvel universe? Prepare to expose them to Saw level gore and death scenes complete with demons, an evil witch using a book of the damned, a possession of a rotting dead corpse coming to life,  people getting cut in half complete with blood, a mans head and eyes exploding after sealing his mouth shut, professor Xavier getting his neck snapped, an entire sanctum full of people being burned alive by a relentless and out of control scarlet witch and I could go on. The entire theme of witchraft and spells and demons and posessions and black magic was way too over done and intense. Marvel was never supposed to be about modern wiccan influence and actual demonic themes. Besides that the violence and straight up gore in this movie was so out of character for anything Marvel has done in the past it was Shocking. If this is what Marvel wants to become then fine but what a shame...
If you want to see an actual multiverse of madness then watch Everything, Everywhere All at Once.
Marvel has been on a downward slope since No way home and the trend continues
jzoin jnibas do no aprove doctor strenage
Just a real big fan of the movies
What a complete mess and a waste of talent this was. So many inconsistencies in every aspect. Let alone the fact it is actually the definition of a slasher film with fancy visual effects.
Too overwhelming and lacking in drama and good story. Such a disappointment, because Strange and Wanda are one of the most profound characters in the MCU. Not funny
Not good as the original one, but still visually nice.
Best in Phase 4. Wish it was rated higher than PG-13
It definitely helps to have watched "What If" and "WandaVision" as this movie seems to be a continuity of events that happened in those series. The CGI and action scenes are always one of the best parts of Marvel movies for me. I never expected them to turn Scarlet Witch into a villain and she was definitely a formidable one. Her grief at the gradual loss of her family pushed her to seek solace in the Darkhold but in the end she did the right thing and destroyed them all. Elizabeth Olsen always does a phenomenal job in this role.
While this movie had it's positives, there were numerous negatives that we must discuss, such as cu

Was a pleasure to watch with the kids, but they spilled all the popcorn halfway through and we had to evacuate because of a tornado warning.
Well. It was entertaining, I'll say that. Acting is on point. Strange as a character was interesting and fun as always. I like the way the multiverse was handled (far better than say the gag-inducing absurdity that was Everything, Everywhere All at Once). If this had been a Doctor Strange movie, I'd say it was decent. However, this was really WandaVision 2.0 and as such, I hated it for what they did to on of my favorite MCU characters.
It's not that I can't see Wanda turning evil, I'm saying you'd have to prove it. And the script did NOTHING to establish that. If you've watched WandaVision, you know Wanda, despite being mad with grief, never killed anyone in Westview. Never really hurt anyone, though she certainly took their free will away, which, of course, was awful. However, it's not murder. 
Now within what, 30 minutes of this movie, she's suddenly become a wholesale mass murderer because she read a freaking book? Oh, and she's willing to sacrifice a child to get to her own children?
Nope, no, and are you kidding me? No character development to get there, just a snap of the fingers and viola, Wanda the killing machine. 
The MCU as a franchise is rapidly being run right into the ground, and while this movie isn't nearly the catastrophe Shang-Chi, or the Eternals was, it's still a massive step in the wrong direction.
As far as plots go, this director answered the question of what's the most crap we shove in a movie and leave the main character/story line as close to where we started as possible.

Strange is still OP
Wanda is still kinda bad, but kinda good, but way OP
Amerika was fine, but if she sacrificed herself on Vormir, that'd be okay too.
Its a marvel movie. Not the best of them and not the worst.
More like the Multiverse of mental illness
Ya viendo por en Disney +, se nota que el guion no es muy bueno jjajajaj, matar a todos los Hechiceros, y a todos los que mueren no tiene sentido que viva America Chavez, que tuviera mas poderes que todos los demas hasta que el hechicero supremo.
Los efectos ya cuando se ven detenidamente no se ven muy bien, si se nota la diferencia de los dos directores.
Not enough about Dr Stange. It was like I was watching an extended version of Wanda Vision. Not for me.
Not nearly mad/crazy enough.   The best things about this movie were the fan service Easter Eggs.  Otherwise it needed some work.  The Villain reveal happened too quickly and without any real surprise or drama.  What a wasted opportunity for that character.

Marvel is starting to blow it.  Spiderman was great but everything else phase 4 related has been disappointing.  Black Widow was good, though it was a missed opportunity that could have been the best Marvel movie to date, but it wasn't really a phase 4 film.   The Mini series on Disney plus have generally been good, atleast the one focused on established characters, but the last 2 have been cringy.  Looking ahead, there's not much to look forward too.   They should have never "killed off" Iron Man.   Bree Larson  can't carry the leadership torch the way T Stark did, not with her wooden acting.
Movie had so much potential but failed to deliver
What a absolute waist of 2hrs!! Marvels movies are getting beyond a joke now, they used to hold a story and a narrative that was easy and enjoyable to follow. With a good mix of cgi and practical effects 

This movie could not be any further from that, a rubbish movie with a storyline that borderline nonexistent 

Do not watch this movie 
Very disappointed
What happen to Marvel?
Enjoyed the original but the sequel is so awful we didn't make it through the first 15 minutes before we simply turned it off and walked away.  Just another bunch of CG explosions and nonsense.
I thought it was supposed to be Dr. Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, not the Multiverse of BADNESS!  For all the buzz from the critics, I thought it might be good.  It wasn't.  I kept waiting for it to rise to the level of mediocre.  It didn't.  The closest it came were the cameos from Hayley Atwell and Patrick Stewart.  If it weren't for them, it wouldn't even deserve a half star!
Honestly this was an awful movie. Marvel films have really gone down. This was almost completely cgi, the plot was thin, and it was cringy and did not leave me feeling good. I have really enjoyed Benedict in a lot of films, this one was awful. Do not waste your time.
if was a good Marvel movie. Special effects aside, the story picks up where WandaVision, Loki, What If?, and Spider-Man No Way Home left off. The multiverse is vast with many, many, many versions of everyone, except for one unique teenager who is introduced in this movie. She is the basis of this movie and her interactions with Strange is what carries this show as well as the convictions of Wanda. 
There's fan service teasing what could be with a world being run by a group of super-powered individuals calling themselves the Illuminati. Again, watching the aforementioned shows on Disney+, will help to build a good foundation of what you can expect in watching this second installment of Doctor Strange.
Not my favorite marvel movie. Still had some enjoyable moments.
A great movie full with magical mayhem!
Good movie! I expected more!!! but it's not bad
My rating for the film is a 7.6/10
A whirlwind through the multiverse. A film that is funny, frightening, and filled with madness. Doctor Strange can be confusing at times but overall is a movie that is entertaining to watch
Good way to spend an afternoon.  But I would not watch it again.  Forgettable.  And enough of Wanda already.  Too much Wanda.
Excellent , the element of horror was unexpected but brilliant.
With every Marvel movie starting to blur together, this one does stand out from the pack somewhat due to Elizabeth Olsen's perfect performance as a villainess and the directing by Sam Raimi. 

The plot is a mess, as are most Marvel films these days and while the acting and visuals are incredible, the rest of the film is mostly a forgettable mix of incredibly convenient coincidences and dull writing.
Honestly - the worst superhero movie ever. I'd rather watch green lantern 😬
Why anyone liked this movie is beyond me. Nonstop CGI. Convoluted storylines. Fighting with virtual music notes? Summoning candles?  Pitting superheroes against Scarlet Witch who obviously have no chance against her immense magical powers. Couldn't care any less about any of the characters and what they're fighting for.  2 hours of my life I cannot get back. Dr. Strange and the Multiverse of Absurdity….
It was ok hated the forced gay scene. No hate on gay people but don’t show that in a marvel movie. Little kids will watch this. Wtf they have fragile minds. When they grow up they can make their choice but don’t stuff it down peoples throats like it’s ok. Get gospel people!
fantastic wild ride of a storyline
Sad that was the way they chose to play out Wanda's arc. I had high hopes they would start to weave in some of the elements from Wandavision, Loki and others.
Not as mad as I was expecting. But a great ride.
One of Marvel's best ever. Raime did a great job.
I tried, I really did.  However, I couldn't even make it through the movie...it's nonsensical.  Sure, the CGI is fun to look at it, but after awhile, the plot and the characters just aren't interesting enough.  This movie should've called beyond strange.
Too much stuff shoved into a 2 hour runtime. It was like they had a bucket of ideas, and just put everything they had into a doctor strange movie. Zombies! Illuminati!
Fantastic Four! X-men! Wanda going evil over the kids that she never had, despite the fact that she had very clear closure in Wanda Vision. You know what? lets just forget  that show existed for the sake of the story. Also, there is surprisingly little Doctor Strange Character Development in this movie, as the biggest thing he went through was not getting Christine in the end. This is a rare disappointment in Marvel movies, and I'm honestly wondering if they should've left it at the Infinity Wars.
I saw this movie on a Disney Cruise the day it premiered. I have not seen Wandavision and had not (at the time) seen Spidetman No Way Home.

I thought Wanda's character was a fantastic villain and would have loved to see her go further in her desperate attempts to rule the world.

Dr. Strange and America Chavez were boring and their character development was forced. Zombie Strange was silly (as designed) and a poor solution in what seemed like a hopeless situation.
What on paper sounds an extremely interesting movie turned out to be an inconsistent sequence of poorly written scenes and some quick direction inputs by Sam Raimi, if I didn't know that he directed it I would have never guessed. Again a potentially great female character becomes a simple excuse to push around the characters without ever trying to be consistent with what the movie was trying to achieve. I don't think Raimi will be eager to make any other movie with Marvel. It's definitely time for Marvel to stop designing endless alternatives to every aspect of the movie and start to trust director and creatives with their stylistic decisions.
"Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" is a wonderful movie with good characters and actors. There were a few ups and downs such as the fight scenes did not last for long, and the boring ones lasted for minutes. When 838 Mordo fought 616 Strange it was boring and felt forced, while with the second main character "Wanda Maximoff" her plot was astonishing and her character development was great! but she could've done more with her power/abilities.
I think Dr. Strange 2 is a movie that is not too good, but not too bad either. Phase 4 MCU is slowly developing, maybe people are not used to Marvel often releasing products about new heroes, or their other personalities. But since the heroes of the previous phases are gone or no longer working together, we need new characters to take their place, right?
Didn't even make any sense.
Good but not as good as the first one
If you are a fan of Sam Raimi and Marvel, this movie is a love letter to you. It has all the Raimi-isms sprinkled throughout and only intensified my love for Wanda. Love love loved this.
This movie was all over the place. It had little to do with Doctor Strange. It completely decimated the character of Wanda Maximoff so the redemption in Wandavision was a wasted. Skip!
Surprisingly boring (I liked the first Dr. Strange) - hard to follow - fight scenes take themselves too seriously. Also, way too many fight scenes not enough story.
Good acting and CGI.. really bad plot line
Finally a marvel movie that is serious,  more violent, and a bit amount of gore for a pg-13 rating which is pretty good use for it 

The director of spider-man trilogy and the evil dead franchise has done it again I'm thrilled they give him another chance to direct another superhero movie Doctor strange. 

Benedict cumberbech as Dr Stephen strange the master of mystic arts He's amazing and he's more wiser than ever 
Rachel Mcadams as Dr Christine palmer she moved on with her life while Stephen's 5 year absence and she marries another man and Stephen respects her for it and Christine has more screen time this time around. 
I ❤ Elizabeth olsen as scarlet witch 
she's terrifiyng, heartbroken, and sexy as a antagonist,  this is Elizabeth's greatest performance ever along with wandavision she owns that role👍🙌👌.
Xochtl gomez as America Chavez which is about a character that I have no clue about she has the ability to travel across universes with a single star punch that's impressive character we'll get to know her character more with her solo movie or show plus I liked her chemistry with Stephen in this movie.
Danny Elfman music score genius it sounded like horror and fantasy combined I got chills. 
The action sequences are spectacular,  the color tone looks gorgeous to look at and it is a breathtaking looking movie.
I love doctor strange in the MoM so much sam raimi is such a brilliant visionary filmmaker is it good as the first one... absolutely 💯 I'm interested in multiverse storyline which it make me believe in the universe, and I'm also big fan of fantasy magical wizards like Harry Potter and the lord of the rings 

Highly recommended marvel movie for horror and fantasy fans alike.
A solid movie. Sam Rami has done a brilliant job directing this movie however, it has its flaws such as pacing, dialogue and humour. This movie had so much potential nevertheless it still was a decent movie to watch.
I loved it , definitely liked the X-Men and fantastic four crossovers.

Only downside for me was making wanda the bad guy. After all, she was a hero avenger.
It seems that Sam Raimi tried too hard to include his trademarks in a PG-13 movie.
I liked the visual effects of this film and also the soundtrack/score. The writing of the story felt like it was like a last minute finished homework. The film was very predictable. The movie actually ruined Wanda’s character plot from the Wanda+Vision show, but that’s my opinion.
really really good though dr strange was meaner to pizza poppa then scarlet witch
Anyone who says this movie is good is off some crazy stuff. I'm gonna be real the only reason this isn't a half a star is because of some of the visuals and the Illuminati idea before they got absolutely demolished. I don't even want to waste my breath on the whole plot of this movie being horrible and you needing to watch a whole mid show just to understand what was happening. Wanda sucks as a character in general and her motive throughout the whole movie was so pointless. America Chavez had a whole ah Disney actor playing her and she had a official run time of like 1 second even though she was meant to be way more important. Even dr strange was a miss this movie. Do better MCU atp I'm just waiting for across the spiderverse since that's the only good content in this whole franchise.
I want my money and time back
Way to dark for the MCU. Felt more like an occult film. Felt awkward bringing my kids to it.
Bad, doesn't compare to other marvel movies like the iron man series
I did love the insanity of it all. Looks great and I had no idea where the story was gonna go, which was a great thing. Usually I know what's up, and what's gonna happen, and trailers give away too much, but this didn't do that, which is a big plus.
This film is action packed and has you wondering what will happen next. My only complaint, which is a pretty big one, is that the movie doesn't show much of the multiverse and is more about three different universes and the Darkhold. Also if you didn't watch WandaVision I recommend you watch that first, but it isn't required.
Probabilmente uno dei migliori film della Fase 4 Marvel, semplicemente incredibile
SPOILERS INCLUDED:

For me, this movie can be summed up in two words: lazy writing. The plot relies on a series of too-good-to-be-true coincidences to work, the character developments are forced, relationships are rushed, and there are ten plot-holes for every hole America Chavez blows in the universe. 

Firstly, what's the chance of Dr. Strange and America just stumbling upon a device that can broadcast their memories IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET? This feels cheap and unrealistic. It's like the writers want us to see America's backstory--her trauma, but can't think up of a realistic/less forced way to bring it into the story. For example, why not make her see an item that pulls her into a flashback? (Technically, head-jumping is allowed in the MCU since it already happened with us being able to see both Dr Strange's and Wanda's perspectives) This would make the scene feel less forced, more realistic and bring a better flow. There are also a hundred more possibilities, but of course the writers chose the laziest, least creative way.

I feel like Dr Strange is supposed to have a character arc, but it's rather forced and nonexistent. His relationship with America just goes from "forced to team up with annoying kid who hates his guts" to "I gotta protect this trauma-ridden child with my life and the lives of everyone else on the world" in seemingly 5 MINUTES. There is no step by step process where they start to trust each other, where they have each other's backs, where they slowly open up to one another... Instead, we get a lazily written "hey look this kid's moms died, now LOVE HER or else you're a bigot" scene. Thats it. This is just so lazy, uncreative, and forced. Nothing in real life ever happens like that. Sure, when you realize someone went through something horrible, you'll feel sorry for them. But you won't risk your life or the entire world to protect them. Ugh.

Finally, whats up with Wanda? Why does she NEED to KILL America? Why can't she just ask nicely? Or if that's not possible, why can't she use America's power and then let her go? Of course the movie knows any person with a functioning brain would realize the plot hole, so they had to make something up. And that thing is: Wanda's kids might get sick. Then Wanda needs America's powers to travel to other universes to get medicine for them. I kid you not, that is what they wrote.... How forced can the movie get? What's the chance of THAT SITUATION ever happening? This is just a plain EXCUSE at that point. 

The actors did the best with what they were given. Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen are amazing actors who are too good for this script. On the other hand, these writers are some of the most incompetent writers I have ever seen. 

In conclusion, this is just another 200$ million uncreative, self-aggrandizing macguffin chase--the latest of a series made by the MCU. Do better.
WAY over hyped but ok for a marvel movie
If you enjoy everything Sam Raimi has done in the past then this is the film for you. Sam Raimi's signature is everywhere in this movie. However, it feels apparent that he has only directed one film since the release of Spider-Man 3. Between circle wipes and the obscene amount of close-ups this film makes you feel like you are back in the early 2000s. The plot is very interesting and the similarities yet juxtaposition between Wanda and Dr. Strange is intriguing, but it is unfortunately swept under the carpet through bad writing. Overall an enjoyable movie at points, but serves as a reminder that directing takes practice.
Tbh I only watched it for Wanda otherwise it was just confusing
terrible Horror film.  Ruined entire MCU.   Not child friendly.  Has no place on Disney+
I personally love Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange. I felt the story didn't focus too much on him, but more about wanda...and the new girl. I also felt the movie was a bit short.
It's really good but I feel that somethings was missing the movie could be really better that it's was
Good marvel movie. Great to see more of Dr. Strange and Wanda. Really need to have watched Wandavision beforehand. Lots of new concepts introduced but not really taken beyond this movie.
Um verdadeiro desrespeito com vários personagens, um roteiro preguiçoso e vários momentos forçados. Se você quer perder 2h de vida, assista...
I really like both Dr. Strange and the Scarlet Witch, but they were not enough to save this show.  Way too much going on.   The multi-verse is officially now just too much for me.  Just not as fun as some of the other Marvel shows.
At times it was fun to look at, but mostly it was overwhelming and pretty boring. not much of a plot or structure really. characters were bland and it felt like a bunch of horror tropes strung together. not great, I don't like watching a marvel movie and getting a cheap horror flick.
Overall I enjoyed it but to many  things were just leaps of logic and plot convenient. I don't think they tried real hard with the writing and just expected audiences to love it because it was a Marvel movie.
Tra i meglio della saga Marvel.
La forma è tecnicamente alta, grazie alla ottima cabina di regia di Raimi (Qualche frammento ricorda vagamente il Raimi di The Evil Dead, e altri rimandi al cinema perduto). Qualcosa da ridire sulla sceneggiatura, in quanto non molto lineare. Cast ben presente, buona messa in scena.
Peccato per il povero Bruce Campbell, oramai quasi definitivamente relegato a Cameo Hitchcokiano di Raimi.
One of the issues in this film is that the pacing is too fast and the ending is not satisfying. But overall this film is really different from the previous Marvel films. This film is brutal, with stunning visual effects and a great soundtrack. But if you like light-hearted and funny movies that marvel movies always have, you might not like this film. But if you want something different and fresh, this movie is recommended to watch
After really liking the 1st Dr. Strange, this one was a flop and outside of Spiderman, the MCU has been dropping the ball with their most recent films...do better Disney.
Bombastic over the top special effects. Unfortunately Marvel goes the way of thinking more is better. They should return to the 1st captain America and Iron Man. In those movies the story mattered and the fights / special effects supported the story. This and other recent movies are just loud as if nobody cares about the story
The movie has many characters unuseful and the motivator to explain all the war is not so good. So, it looks like more a show of action and visual effects than a movie with begin, middle, and end.
A few pretty cool moments, but overall an average at best entry to the MCU.
It was a good "magic movie"... I mean, some of the fights were good.

Strange was a lot dumber in this one, then he was in the original film and as a LONG-TIME fan of dr. strange, it really didn't hit many of the right beats for me(the first actually did better and it was still a little "off") ... I was a little upset that Clea was ALREADY supposed to have been introduced to Strange from the end of the first one.  (SPOLIERS)

The book of the Vishanti was just done VERY dirty here, too.  
(End of Spoilers)
Elizabeth Olsen is overatted. she is 33 years old from a famous Hollywood family and I can't even name any of her movies or tv shows outside the mcu. cate Blanchet is much better at playing a witch than Elizabeth Olsen
Liked it better 2nd time I rewatchwd it and I appreciate Dr. Strange even more after just having just seeing Thor.
Sam Raimi directorial style is all that saves this movie from its nonsensical story. Wanda "un-made" her children in the end of WandaVision, so now she plan to use demons from another universe to capture a teenage girl so she can drain her powers (and murder the girl, because Wanda became a mass murderer all of a sudden), travel to another universe and steal someone else's children for herself. Apparently this makes more sense than Wanda simply trying to recreate her children, nevermind WandaVision was a great character piece that was simply ignored by Marvel itself.
Has Marvel finally lost its magic?  The fanboys will tell you no, and give 5 stars to every Marvel movie that comes out.  However, this one was truly a tough watch.  Plot was very weird and made the Scarlett Witch out to be as powerful as Thanos!  Definitely the worst Marvel movie made to date (although I have yet to see Thor 4).
Wanda scery and mommy
Sam Raimi è tornato e si vede.
Un bel film, articolato e non scontato.
The Sam Raimi of it got me through an otherwise "just fine" flick.
Which does the heaviest lifting here? The visual effects or tieing up ideas previously teased in other releases. This movie smartly gives movie and comic fans alike what they've been asking for re: wanda's power and the Illuminati.
Eu queria não  ter visto esse filme ruim de mais!
This movie is one of my favourite movies. The story is kind of cool and might be good for some viewers. Would recommend this Movie to people.
🤝
Felt the narrative of the story was all over the place. I understand the concept of it being multiverse but it just wasn't executed right. Character development was meh. Felt the scene with Professor X and John Krasinski as a member of the fantastic 4 was too forced and even tho they put the scene it is extremely bad for the narrative of the characters. Overall the graphics and CGI were good but other than that it bored me. I was a bit disappointed they continued to use the red witch as the villain. Felt it got pretty old with Wanda & Vision.
Horrible. No real story line what so ever. Just relying heavily on graphics to carry the movie and... it did not. Definitely would not reccomend seeing in the theaters. Will never purposely rewatch this.
The film was poorly written some CGI was badly done. Loved Scarlet Witch she carried the movie.
Loved it. The pace and worlds and acting just wow! Beautifully done.
Less of a Doctor Strange movie and more of a Wanda film, which is great, because Elizabeth Olsen plays that part perfectly. Nothing MCU can do with these individual character films, especially the after the fact ones like Black Widow, to put them on par with the 2 biggest franchise hits of all time - Infinity War/Endgame. Having said that, this is no Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, which was surprisingly good. This movie...it passed the time, nothing special to see in this one.
Disney's first majorlet down for me. Honestly can't suggest a watch as the antagonist and protagonist had the same morals at the end of the day. The build up was good, but the end was a major let down. Also, the age ratings are way off. Rate it R already.
Really?! So I liked Wandavision. How’d we backtrack?! This one makes zero sense if you actually think about the plot. I hate how Wanda is portrayed after watching Wandavision. Again. It makes zero sense and is poorly written. It’s like they threw this movie together just to have one.
Another great Marvel movie.
Fun movie and series
Me agradó mantuvo bien la sensación de lo que es el súper héroe además de que tiene buenos efectos
This is my all time favorite Marvel movie. Marvel spent 10 years introducing these characters and plotting trauma for Wanda to endure and this movie is the climax to the most amazing plot line ever devised. The trauma of losing parents and siblings and spouses and the desire for a mother to be with her children, combined with unlimited power and a demonic influence (the dark hold) it's the most awesome and believable motivation. Besides the amazing plot, the CGI and costumes both deserve awards. Benedict Cumberbatch and Elizabeth Olsen deliver superb performances. Every aspect of the film delivered 10/10 movie making.
Very entertaining but a mess. I really didn’t get the plot. Benedict Cumberbatch is a great actor and does a great job at carrying the movie. There’s just too much going on and I wasn’t sure what Elizabeth Olsen’s character was doing.
A film that destroys the reputation of a once great character. Wanda as a villain makes no sense. I saw her killing herself a mile away. "Reed Richards the smartest man alive" huh. He seemed so dumb and the memes of Black Bolt killing Wanda are astronomically better. It is impossible for Marvel to have a strong male protagonist not be ridiculed by his fellow females protagonist.
Marvel fans overhyped this film and created its downfall. It was always going to be a Dr Strange movie, but the amount of rumoured cameos left me feeling that something was missing. Elizabeth Olsen was fantastic and would love to see her return in her own solo film.
"Sam Rami's distinct direction casts an entertaining spell" are you nuts? This movie made me realize that Sam Rami as a director is a creative failure in almost every respect. The movie leans on nostalgia from the Evil Dead so hard it feels like they should be sequels and yet I'm supposed to be thinking this is a Dr.Strange movie. 
The first Dr. Strange film was colorful, creative, and vibrant because of the creative ways they utilized the character. Think of the villians defeat in the first film, it was out of the box and intellectual. Sadly, if you go into this film expecting the same level of attention and respect to your intellect then unfortunately you're going to be massively disappointed. The characters are lacking so much depth you may think they're imploding. Wanda hasn't given any real thought into what she is doing and sadly Dr. Strange is right behind her. Both characters feel like they've suffered from brain damage throughout the entire film and Disney was clearly wanting to cash in on the multiverse trope as a way to tease audiences without having to follow through with anything. The "horror" elements was childish at best and a comedy at worst. The movie suffers from "woke" mentality and I think it was included just to give Disney a scapegoat for criticism. 
All in all: the plot is so contrived that there isn't a consistent thread of events. The feel and direction of the movie leaves a lot to be desired and doesn't make any real sense. This is a Disney cash grab in the worst sense of the word. Miss this film, do not waste your time insulting your intelligence.

After reviewing what people on reddit posted about this movie I have to add a caveat. If you turn off your brain you'll probably enjoy this movie. If you ignore character motivation, reasoning, and don't question their conclusions then you might walk out having a good time. 


SPOILERS AHEAD:
Don't ask me to turn off my brain to enjoy a movie. If I have to suspend the things I enjoy to be entertained by a movie then it isn't an entertaining movie. As in, you can ask me to believe in magical mystical people who can teleport and summon saw blades to cut busses in half from nothing but when you ask me to believe that this person would simply wait while an enemy crushes through door after door to capture him instead of running after the thing he went into the chamber to get then I start having issues. If you want me to believe in a super powerful witch who can mind control an entire town into her personal therapy session than that's fine but when you ask me to believe that that person would kill everyone to aquire a person who can take her to a world where her make believe world is a real one then, after meeting said person, would simply kill her over some ridiculous nonsense like "what if they get sick"? Instead of actually developing the character in a realistic way and having her be DROPPED OFF at a world with her children motherless and having a cure for literally every aliment readily available, not to mention she spends most of the movie manipulating all of reality around her, so the idea there is some disease she can't save them from is insulting.
