a good movie overall but feels WAY to long!

The best marvel movie ever! The way everyone avenges together is so fun to watch. It also is very emotional at times, it'll even make you cry. It would of been a great ending to the MCU, I mean it already had so many movies. It was set up so well, the title even had Endgame in the title. But no, Disney wants it's money so it will keep making new MCU movies. And what do we get, tons of mid shows and movies that no one actually wants to watch anyways. Nonetheless, there are still a couple good MCU movies that came out after Endgame.

Masterpiece. Masterpiece.

One of the most epic superhero movies of all time.

Not as good as infinity war but still a great conclusion to the infinity saga

Uau! Que filme! Que elenco!

Great movie, i found everything so good, time travel maybe is not a good idea but makes sense it make you to relive the whole MCU again  in don't really like that it's been five years after infinity war, but it has a great conclution for the original avengers

I absolutely love this movie and still to this day I love it but marvel has kind of gone down hill after

It was a great movie.  Only complain is that Thanos CGI facial features make him look stupid.  He looks too human and his features look abnormally small compared to his head and rest of body.

This movie brought the MCU together in a way that has never before been seen. Characters from across the universe found their place alongside each other for arguably one of the most epic battles in cinema history. 

It's hard to find something bad to say about Avengers: Endgame. From iconic scenes and lines, to a rich and complex plot that throws some *foreseeable* twists and turns, Avengers: Endgame has surely secured itself a high-up spot in the movie hall of fame.

Marvel Studios delivered the perfect culmination of over a decade of storytelling with Avengers: Endgame. This film is nothing short of a cinematic event, blending action, emotion, and nostalgia into an unforgettable experience.

The storytelling is masterful, rewarding longtime fans with heartfelt character moments, jaw-dropping action sequences, and a deeply satisfying conclusion. The performances are phenomenal, especially from Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans, whose arcs bring powerful emotional weight to the film. The final battle is one of the most epic moments in movie history, packed with fan service done right.

Whether you’re a die-hard Marvel fan or just a casual viewer, Endgame is an emotional rollercoaster that delivers on every front. It’s the perfect send-off for beloved characters and a triumphant celebration of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. A must-watch!

Terrible, if you like eating paint and drinking bleach while getting dragged against the road, this movie is for you!

Avengers: Endgame, is a great movie that ends every loved character story perfectly.

Absolutely satisfying ending to an amazing saga, hopefully Marvel Studios will be able to recreate this, or even improve it.

This was a definite conclusion to the Infinity Saga. The most anticipated film, it had many heartfelt moments that impacted the MCU for years to come. The original six brought so much to people during this movie. There were a lot of fun moments and some that were very surprising. Not to mention the emotional depth brought some tears when it got closer to the end. Still, a once-in-a-lifetime success to this film and one of the best final battles of all time.

Great ending for Thanos saga.

Good movie ending in a climatic way to sum up the Avengers. Don’t like the fact how they reduced the hulk and Thor

Reaching the Endgame as the title suggests for the Infinity Saga after re-watching it six years later does make me wonder why this is one of the most loved movies out there for not only MCU fans, but for every moviegoer back then before the COVID pandemic.  The journey is why.
Traveling though time to get the Infinity Stones with the help of Scott Lang who was in the Quantum Realm, which I assume after Ant-Man and Wasp, who came back to learn about the Thanos Snap five years later.  We see everyone who is still around traveling through various points in time, or rather bluntly, in previous movies such as The Avengers, Thor: The Dark World, and Guardians of the Galaxy.  It's interesting to see everyone go through the scenes without interfering as much as possible unless they have to come in the way.
Now, the journey isn't as simple as you'd think of when the heroes had to pick up the Infinity Stones.  It also brings some forms of emotion from nostalgia to the feel of need like Thor seeing his mother again in 2013, Tony seeing his dad back in 1970 along with Steve seeing Peggy again.  The interesting part of the film is that unlike Infinity War being more action than drama, this movie is more drama with little action, which works as what I'd pointed out.  Even the humor is similar to how previous films had always been that you'd get a chuckle or two out.  I had a few on my end since it's been so long since I've seen this movie alone.
Speaking of the action, the big one was saved for the finale when Thanos had taken notice.  Sure, it's a spoiler, but it's as much as I can share since it was more or less a grand finale for a bigger threat such as Thanos himself.  Yet this journey does not end lightly.  Sacrifices had to be made.  Some that were necessary and one of them passing the torch to someone whom he calls a great friend.  If you're reading this and already know who, you'd know them.  Those who didn't I'd suggest you'd give it a watch.  Just a heads up, this is a three hour movie, and it could rub some folks off the wrong way, which I can understand some others' criticism involving the time.  As for me, I'm used to such myself.
With that being said, this movie still holds up, even when I'd say I enjoy Infinity War more, yet can still say this movie is up to the top of their tier list of MCU films.  An end of one Saga and a beginning to a new one.  I give this film nine and a half Thanos declaring inevitability out of ten.  9.5/10.

boring. 3 hours was a bit excessive. but I'm watching the newest now in theatures and its the same.... boring. 2025

Without a doubt the best Avengers movie, solving all the problems I had with the previous ones, making the movie the best Avengers movie.

What a colossal bore, pedeatrian acting, insipid script, schmaltzy music and totally predictable.  Even the special effects were cartoon level.

Saw this in theaters when it first came out. The HYPE for this movie was unreal. Everyone had so much expectation for this because it was like 11 years of build up to this moment, the final conclusion to the Infinity Saga. Not just fan service, but also best comic book movie out there. Walking into this film had you guessing how they were going to finish this, and fix everything that had happened. This movie I left with questions, emotions, joyful, and exceeded expectations. This movie is an absolute see and must be shown to future generations

Bring me thanos.

This movie might be in my top 10 favorite movies of all time.

It was amazing! One of the most iconic scenes in Marvel history was here in this movie and I loved it!!

Está muy bien écha me gustó las referencias a las otras películas me gusta la batalla final es épica

Perfect acting, twists and a perfect ending for captain america and iron. This film will have you in awe at the visual effects and pull the strings in your heart to end the infinity saga on the highest of highs

Amazing Cast, Fantastic Movie, Best CGI

Greatest Marvel Movie Of all time! Love the script and especially when iron man snaps his fingers but also a sad movie but 100% recommended

Great Battle
Great Payoff
Great Conclusion to an 11 years old saga

Back to back absolute touching callback to the cheeseburger moment and Steve & Peggy dance. 
Opening up a whole new pov that Cap's journey is actually a big long love story.

To me this movie meant something - something very special... It's not a perfect movie- but it's something ______- something I can't explain in words. 
I have watched it so many times and haven't ever skipped a single shot. If infinity war made feel like I'm reading a literal comic book then this movie made me feel that I was in the world of that comic book. 
Though there are some rough cgi shots here and there...and this movie also gave us the professor hulk..but I'd say there is so much to like about this movie that I can see beyond all those problems. The jokes don't land sometimes...but that's with every mcu movie. That ending was perfect- There are so many (good) fan service movements in this movie that it'd make no way home look garbage ( and I love that movie aswell). All I gotta say is: "it was perfect, everything, down to the last minute details".

Great movie, loved the acting. Some really awesome scenes packed in but it was a messy storyline at parts and just honestly just a bit much at time. Overall amazing piece of work.

Top 5 movie of all-time behind Infinity War

A nearly perfect conclusion to a saga of mostly great movies. The emotional heart strings are pulled constantly and it hits hard every time. Conclusions like this are hard to find.

Perfection only the dark knight beats it.

Awesome but 2nd to the first Avengers movie. It’s a really good movie but it crammed so much into one film that it became a little bit too much.

Entretenida pero nada impresionante, para ser el cierre de tantas historias se queda muy atrás

THEY FIXED MY ONLY ISSUE!!

After sitting down watching everything in timeline order I love how Endgame brought it all together from past to present. Marvel really hit home with this one.

I loved it, but it made me cry.

Avengers: Endgame is a perfect film, and a perfect end to a decade of superhero storytelling, helmed by the world-class RDJ.

***SPOILERS***

Avengers: Endgame is a perfect superhero movie. It's both epic and emotional on the biggest level possible.

The characters are all established, Tony Stark and Steve Rodgers had amazing arcs. I thought they would cheat with Captain Marvel, because she seemed too strong, but to my surprise, she was perfectly used. Thor is utterly funny, I loved to see other characters from Ragnarok. The story is epic, even though I had an idea of who would die, I was surprised to see, that I didn't actually know. I thought Tony and Steve would die, but I liked how Steve's arc is different. I love how every movie series had something important to offer the crossover movies, in this case that was Ant-Man. The whole movie is emotional, but the ending is just gut-wrenching.

The cinematography is great, the direction is awesome. The score has never been better, the quiet moments with Tony are extremely emotional. The cast is enormous, the acting performances are spectacular, especially Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Holland.

Avengers: Endgame is one of the most epic movies ever made.

Esse filme é muito impecável incrível com certeza e o melhor filme não dos vingadores e sim do MCU inteiro inclusive o filme tem cenas incríveis tipo a cena que o capitão levanta o martelo do Thor

Espetacular!!!! Cgi bom, boas cenas de luta

Yeh Nh Dekha To Kuch Nh Dekha

This movie is the embodiment of ten years of perfection!!

Words can't describe this experience at the big screen! 11 years of build-up and it did not disappointed! Perfectly rounds everything that has been happening in 22 movies, everything that was leading to this legendary moment! Followed by amazing acting, some funny bits, powerful heart-wrenching moments and amazing actions. The perfect movie that is capable of breaking everyone!

The end of an entire era of movies. The Avengers’ final installment is absolutely thrilling and exciting, with several storylines concluding as others are blossoming into the modern day MCU. Everything the MCU was trying to build up to ends here and even though it opens small strands for the story to go further, almost every movie character’s story could have finally ended here once and for all. An unprecedented conclusion to everything that Tony Stark built since 2008 and onward, that unites all the characters from the past to tell a story of sacrifice, power, and trying to get what is lost back.

The Scarlet Witch 💥

A solid ending to the original MCU Infinity Saga that mostly sticks the landing, even if it gets a bit messy in some spots. SPOILERS...it was ballsy as hell to kill off Thanos after he basically "won" and happily retired to take his inevitable defeat down in stride. Makes for an interesting "Sh*t, what do we do now?" Scenario that send the rest of the movie into finding a surprisingly decent approach to time travel to collect the stones in alternate timelines. Admittedly, this can make the movie feel like "Marvel's greatest hits" after a while. But to be fair, the movie certainly earns it considering it's been over a decade of carefully-planned movies all laying the groundwork for this grand finale. Thor's "Big Lebowski" epilog is amusing, but feels a bit harsh and overdrawn after a while. The finale with the younger, less enlightened Thanos might be a bit of a letdown. But to be fair, how were you going to top Infinity Gauntlet Thanos? And what they delivered was still very entertaining, especially with that epic final battle with all the heroes and allies from the entire franchise (minus nick fury for some reason, aside from his cameo at the funeral). The departures to the big 3 were very well done and heartfelt (tragic, epic, and satisfying respectively). Not as consistently epic as Infinity War, but still a damn good conclusion to an 11-year movie franchise that leaves you satisfied.

Best Avengers Movie hands down I don’t care what anyone says

They really brought it home.

(Spoiler Alert) This movie was good but it could've been better. I expected a bit more from this movie since it was quite literally the endgame of the Avengers. The beginning was quite boring and quite unecessary in my opinion. The only enjoyable part was when all the avengers had a face-off with thanos at the end. Overall recommended but patience is needed to sit through this movie.

This is such an excellent movie.  And a superb finish to the infinite saga.   👍👍two  thumbs up.
Unfortunately at the end of the movie, we get  the CRINGE girl boss segment  which was the unofficial start of Marvel phase 4.  The phase 4 girl bosses was a complete critical failure  and has really damaged the MARVEL brand and left a TINY scar on END GAME . 
Having said all that,  I do highly recommend  Avengers : END GAME..

The best marvel movie before the plethora of bad ones to come.

good bay my old friends i go to the another life i will miss all that

I watched this 1000x times and still goosebumps

The perfect conclusion to the MCU’s Infinity saga and the greatest comic book film of all time.

Best superhero movie of all time. Avengers: Endgame follows infinity war with such style to end the first saga of the MCU. It perfectly blends top class humour with heartfelt emotion. The iconic finale shows all the MCU heroes face of against Thanos with the fate of the universe at stake. Speaking of Thanos he is definitely the best villain that marvel has ever seen. In this movie, heroes such as Iron Man, Hawkeye and Thor come back from and retirement as heroes and risk their lives to fight for the fate of the universe. Overall, Avengers: Endgame is a beautiful movie and an absolute masterpiece. I love this movie 3000.

Goooooooooooood ....

Despite some issues I have with its climax which feels overstuffed and incoherent at times, this movie is epic and serves as an incredible send off to some of the best characters in this franchise. A near perfect conclusion to the Infinity Saga. Check out my full retrospective at 3ThirtyMovies on Youtube!

https://youtu.be/SYflhfZ4yH0

Avengers: Endgame was really good. I fun, interesting adventure. I give it a 73%

An amazing film… the only bad thing about it is how I don’t think they will be able to top it ever… a must watch

Peak again.

this feels a bit slow at times, but it’s still my favorite marvel movie ever. can’t wait for the gang to come back together in 2026.

This final battle was absolutely brilliant loved the story and before I finish and I am iron man

Decent ending for the Thanos MCU storyline but way too long for it's own good.

“It was beautiful.” 🥹

The movie was one of the most amazing movies, with its iconic scenes, characters, acting, every second of it. I'm really sorry for the deaths, and it was one of the greatest and highest quality movies I've ever seen. It should be watched no matter what. The movie blew me away. It was a wonderful and full movie.

The Marvel Cinematic Universe, a decade-long epic, culminates in the awe-inspiring Avengers: Endgame. This film is a fitting finale, weaving together the threads of countless stories and delivering a satisfying conclusion. From the iconic "Avengers Assemble" moment to the emotional sacrifice of Iron Man, Endgame is a rollercoaster of emotions, packed with action, humor, and heart. It's a testament to the power of storytelling and a love letter to fans who have journeyed alongside these heroes.

Love the Avengers but this one left me crying.

epic, incredible and exciting. A conclusion to a story that made me tremble at the end.

Amazing movie. Great casting. The only thing is that you need to watch at least most of the previous movies to understand what's going on.

End game feels our chapter has ended and we are at peace now

The character deaths broke my heart. It was a truly magnificent and wonderful movie. It should definitely be watched at any time. I liked the previous movie more, but this one was just as wonderful and of high quality, especially the boot scene and of course that special scene, the 'I am Iron Man' scene, no matter what, it will change your life. I strongly recommend that you start watching Marvel at some point. When I look at Marvel videos, they seem very good quality and normal to me, but when I watch their movies, they are not like the videos, they give people a better feeling and it is a new beginning in one's life.

A Marvel movie that is simply the crown jewel.

Direção: Bom
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Bom
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Bom

4/10 movie rlly is stupid..cant watch it more than once. OVER RATED!

The peak of film entertainment! Avengers endgame is the absolute climax of the franchise and the ending of the film does not disappoint even the harshest critics.

Simply spectacular from beginning to end

Very good for a Marvel movie.

This was the best MCU movie I saw in my life

Absolute brilliant way to end a ten year journey of exceptional movie going experience!

An amazing end to a great saga 9.7/10

I love this movie it’s perfect and the ending is amazing perfect end to the infinity saga

The last Avengers, I will really miss this heroes men, especially when they fight all together, any ways this was fantastic 😊 l loved It. Thanos thought he will do as he did last time, but he couldn't keep up with them, coz they all came prepared 🔥🔥🔥

After a decade of buildup, this movie perfectly ended the infinity saga.

This is how to make a good Movie

A fitting and surprisingly poetic payoff to more than a decade of storytelling, and the start of a bright new chapter.

Marvel Studios and the Russo Brothers concocted a monumental blockbuster! The eclectic cast is the beautiful patina of a decade’s long story brought to a satisfying conclusion. Marvel’s finest hour!

Great movie with references to other marvel movies and with all avengers

Peak of superhero movies

Endgame is not a movie, it's a series finale for the first five phases of the MCU. In that regard, it's exactly what a fan wants.

Avengers Endgame is an epic conclusion to over a decade of Marvel storytelling. As a long-time Marvel fan, Avengers Endgame left me with mixed emotions. I appreciated seeing my favorite heroes in ways I never expected like broken, vulnerable, and dealing with the aftermath of Infinity War. But it was not like the previous parts. I knew from the beginning that something was going to happen in this one and it wouldn’t be in favor of saving Avengers. The action sequences was stunning and the tension druring whole movie was visible. However, I have love-hate relationship with this movie. It’s hard to accept that this was the final chapter for the original Avengers, and I struggled with Tony Stark’s tragic death and Captain America’s, for me, terrible farewell. After watching this movie I was in shock but still hoped that Iron Man would make a comeback. Now I understand that this may not be the best way to end the Avengers saga, but I accepted it and I hope that Marvel will continue to make amazing movies.

I thought the film was good for the most part it did have good story telling throughout. This movie did suffer from the Captain Marvel affect with some messaging and even though they hit you over the head with it in the most cringe worthy way, it didn't ruined the film overall. Bottom line it was entertaining but Infinite war is still a better film.

It is a good ending to the infinity saga

Absolute cinema must see

Getting the positives out the way, the acting is superb as usual, the visuals are top notch and the music is fantastic. The negatives are that the plot is broken at the core, the characters have been completely assassinated and established universal rules are being broken to facilitate the needs of the writers with plot armour galore. I understand why this movie has such a positive score but I recommend thinking about it and doing some research, with a logical baseline to work off of, you will find this movie only get worse.

Thanos was correct and his mission was righteous.

四階段中最佳 的作品!將成為永垂不朽的巨作

Perfect ending to the infinity saga 10/10.

92/100 A Great Ending to the Infinity Saga

It is a great ending to the Infinity saga from the Marvel’s cinematic universe. It totally worths it to spend three hours watching, you will not regret it.

What a amazing movie!

Avengers: Endgame was one of the best movies I have ever seen! I had such a good connection with the characters because my family loved Marvel movies. It’s not the same without some of the characters but we still enjoy rewatching the movies.

🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯. What an amazing movie

This movie is a spectacle to watch and I think if you haven't seen it you haven't lived. When I saw this movie in the theater everyone was flipping out 10/10 must watch it.

I loved it. Best movie ever especially with the fight scene where all the superheroes came through the portals and fought against Thanos. And the saddest scene where Tony Stark sacrificed himself to save the world.

Avengers: Endgame is another epic Marvel film that serves as a satisfying conclusion to the Infinity Saga. It picks up right where Infinity War left off.

The film's filled with emotional moments. And the final battle is one of the most epic and satisfying climaxes in superhero cinema.

End of an era. A saga done right.

Very disappointing. I Infinity War was great and genuinely intense and emotional and then they just go back in time undo that whole movie and do something way more boring and predictable. MCU went down the drain and it started here.

An amazing conclusion to the Infinity Saga. It does not hold up great as far as rewatchabillity, but the initial impact will never be matched again at the movies.

one of, if not the best marvel movie, and the perfect ending to the infinity saga

Massive, sprawling, over-the-top, and overlong—yet for the first time in a long while within the MCU, I felt like I was watching three-dimensional characters (with the exception of Captain Marvel). For that reason, I forgive ENDGAME for a lot:

For the fact that the entire plot collapses like a house of cards as soon as you ask even a single question about the storyline. For the fact that it’s impossible to adequately present all the characters and their stories from the previous MCU films, with some getting little more than a cameo. For the fact that the finale of the greatest cinematic saga of our time is little more than a heap of fan service.

I barely thought about any of these points during the movie, partly because ENDGAME, despite its three-hour runtime, doesn’t feel like a mere “memberberries” film. If you let yourself get into it, you’ll be quite entertained. And I believe that most comic book lovers never dared to dream of what was presented to them over a decade and has now reached its conclusion.

Everyone was screaming in theatres when cap picked up the hammer

one of the best movie

An epic culmination of 10+ years of the MCU!

Great ending to the greatest run in Marvel history. Can't wait for the new Avengers movies Doomsday and Secret Wars to come out in 2026 and 2027. Thank the lord the Russo brothers are back to direct the new Avengers movies! It would have been a travesty if Disney let a female director do the new Avengers movies. Perhaps DC will bring back Chris Nolan for a new franchise so they can keep up with Marvel.

Che posso dire, un film epocale e capolavoro! Nonostante qualche momento noioso è stato tutto emozionante ed equilibrato, con la speranza che si credeva,a quei tempi, irrisolta, ma in questo film la posta in gioco è molto alta per affrontare i propri errori e per ricattare la propria coscienza. E Avengers: Endagme che devo dire. 10/10

Probably one of my top five favourite movies. If you like literally any other marvel movie you'll love it! Heartwarming, filled with amazing action and has a tight narrative

No words needed...it is a masterpiece.

Amazing movie ever. Proudly watched.

What a way to end the entire franchise and story. 10/10 from me

(I know i am 5 years late but i am currently watching all the avengers films so i can make a motive for rdj)
Avengers endgame is the film that never fails to still keep the emotion no matter how many times i watch it all the deaths cap was willing to fight thanos and his army alone tony and natasha sacrafising them self just hits different everytime i watch the film i think infinity war is better but this film is my 2nd favourate marvel film due to the story the speed of the film of the story not getting rushed

No other super hero movie tops this one. Beats most movies with the feels. Optimal story writing, sublime acting and score.  Has never been topped!

If you haven't watched this film, you are living under a rock. There's nothing to say about it, it's a cinematic masterpiece.

Como fan de la saga debo decir que es una excelente pelicula,para mi hay termino la saga,pero no es haci,ame esta pelicula desde el principio,me entristece que iron man y el cap ya no esten más,pero gracias a el multiverso hay más verciones de ellos y siguen vivos en otros universos, y sin duda esta pelicula tuvo,el final perfecto dela saga...

If I could give a six out of five(?), I would. This movie was the absolute banger of 2019, the best of the best. It really shows how well MCU can pull of amazing movies, and they may not be as good as they used to be, this movie is a good memory, crazing to think this movie is already five years old.

Final fight is the most exhilarating movie moment ever. Wish I got to see it in theaters

Does the impossible, I love this movie 3000

Epic,emotional, mind blowing! ❤️

Best movie ever made

This is everything. Wow.

I saw this movie in theatre's the day after it came out and at the time me being 9 years old I thought it was the best film ever. It has mind blowing effects and hilarious jokes and towards the end make sure you get tissues.

This movie is a masterpiece! The best Avengers movie and one of the best MCU movie!

This is  Masterpieces

This is where 11 years of storytelling gets you: an epic ending and the opportunity to become the second highest grossing movie of all time (not including inflation).

The mammoth of Marvel movies. Humor, action, extreme pull your heart out sadness. Love the Russo brothers as a director. Alan Silvestri score is fantastic, Stan Lee last cameo 😩😩😩😩. To see all the heroes together and interacting it's straight out of the comics. Saw this sold out Thurs night IMAX wow what a experience that was. I still love the odds against each other between Steve and Tony. 10/10 EPIC FANTASTIC movie. Should of won movie of the year at the Oscars.

It’s great and amazing but just not as good as infinity war but still a great sequel and conclusion to the infinity saga… a shame the mcu has fell off since

The best ending to the saga. Worth the 3 hours!

I don’t think there will be another MCU movie that will top avengers endgame it has it all action, time travel, the characters, emotions, and so much more. 

4.5/5 or 9/10

This and Our Drawings are my two favorite movies. Every time I watch this movie, it is great.

If you are a comic fan like myself, there is no denying that this is the best Comic book film ever put to celluloid.

I really liked the characters and actions of the actors

One of the greatest movies of all time which can be considered anybodies favorite movie!Is unbelievable and they will never top it again.

As a die-hard Marvel fan, Avengers: Endgame is nothing short of a cinematic masterpiece! From start to finish, it’s an emotional rollercoaster that beautifully wraps up over a decade of storytelling. The Russo brothers outdid themselves with a perfect balance of action, humor, and heartfelt moments. Every character shines, and the payoff for long-time fans is immense. 

The final battle is legendary, a true spectacle that brought tears of joy and sorrow. Tony Stark’s ultimate sacrifice is both heart-wrenching and heroic, capping off his incredible arc. Captain America's journey concludes with a deeply satisfying end, leaving us with a sense of hope and nostalgia. The time travel elements are handled brilliantly, providing clever nods to previous films.

Endgame isn't just a movie; it's a love letter to fans who’ve followed the MCU since Iron Man. It’s a triumphant, epic conclusion that will be remembered for ages.

Although in my opinion, Infinity War is better than Endgame, this one is also good.
 The time travel is cool and the final battle is incredible.
 Although it seems a little long (it lasts 3 hours), it is worth it. 
The perfect ending to the perfect saga.

Great ending for a story ten years in the making.

Le doy cinco estrellas porque creo que se lo merecen, es una película increíble y en lo personal me encantó todo el drama y efectos especiales, sobretodo cuándo aparecen los borrados a través de los portales y está súper cool.
Además creo que se pasaron con todas las películas porque ahí mucha ciencia muy complicada y grabar todo eso debe ser muy complicado y creo que basado en eso lo hicieron muy bien.
También quiero decir que me encanta como conectaron casi todas las películas unas con otras de marvel eso es mucho trabajo y lo hicieron muy bien.

An incredible Marvel movie, also slightly held back by the background knowledge needed of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Otherwise it is perfect.

Literally the best movie ever.

One of the best movies ever

The last of the good Marvel films. From here it's all downhill. This truly feels like the end, good closure from all the previous films.

Another superhero movie with lousy writing and plot holes, but gets overrated due action and visuals.

A good spot to stop watching Marvel movies and shows. It is now 5 years after it's release and nothing since is worth your time.

Would recommend and absolutely love this movie. But i have 2 problems
1. Too long for story.
Marvel focused on too many little detail just to make a long movie. Basically they could have added more interesting story in that length of time.
2. The main avengers story came to an end.
I truly belive that marvel could have made more movies and MONEY from this franchise but decided to cut it short!

It is a 3 hours movie, but the final battle are very much worth your time.

6.5 out of 10.  I watched this far, and gave IW a 9.5.  wish this was better, but MCU has gone downhill, and the rot begins here.

It is rare to see movies that deliver on incredible hype, but this epic conclusion to an incredible 11 year saga of MCU movies provides just the perfect conclusion to the universe Stan Lee first envisioned all those decades ago.  This movie is emotionally impactful, action-packed, comedic, dramatic, thrilling, and oh-so satisfying.

It would have got 5 stars if it wasn’t for that god awful girl power scene at the end.

Easily one of the best movie of all time

Utter Perfection. Packed with adventure, emotion, and closure.

Also pretty darn good.

Only slightly, very slightly, worst then Infinity War, mainly due to some plot holes with the entire time travel plot, and also the forced and corny all ladies scene. But still it's from the Russo Bros., and they can do no wrong in the MCU!

The perfect way to end a perfect saga! This movie was 3 hours well spent!

I really liked the movie, especially the scene where the characters that disappeared in the previous movie appear. For me, it is my favorite Marvel movie.

I still think this is the most satisfying film in the MCU. Top tier action sequences and wraps up characters satisfyingly. Enough said.

The best movie EVER made

It is one of the most amazing movie I had ever seen.
"Avengers Assemble" my fave part

An amazing ending, to an amazing journey. No matter what anyone says, I will always love Avengers: Endgame as it's what I would consider the closing note of Marvel.

The penultimate to the end of the Infinity Saga did everything you will love to see (action, visual effects, performances, plot, pacing, characters) and made it S tier for superhero fans to sit back, relax, and enjoy watching, while also adding an emotional ending that will guarantee a tear to shed.

I don't think there are words that I can conjur up to do this movie justice. A perfect ending to the best theatrical run of movies in history

Its not better than infinity war but its AVENGERS ENDGAME 11/10

Some MCU films are below the 600-900 range, but I love "Avengers: Endgame" 3000.

Considerando uma clássica história do universo Marvel, o filme foi um esplendor, arrasaram nos efeitos especiais e entregaram tudo

Vingadores ultimato tem seus méritos boa história boas lutas igual a todos os filmes da marvel esse Thor bebado e engraçado não é tão bom mais não tão chato igual a capitã marvel que é uma personagem chata sem graça e se acha superior a os outros vingadores totalmente o oposto da Natasha oque mostra que a marvel não sabe mais lidar com personagens femininas Thanos um dos grandes acertos do filme e também o melhor vilão da marvel

Me arrepio todas as vezes .

Great way to wrap up the MCU. Wait... they did more? Why didn't they stop?

Just a bomb ending to this story. Avengers Endgame perfectly complemented the characters with new character traits after the events of the previous part. Only the plot that Nebula ran to shout to the guys that Thanos found her, instead of returning, is as stupid and implausible as possible. The actors performed well as always, only Thor lacked something in his eyes, but overall world class. Marvel's special effects and graphics have always been at their best, this is not to say that they shone in any way compared to the last part, but it still became a little better. Especially Professor Hulk is truly beautiful. Do I recommend the film? Definitely yes, if you watched the previous parts. If you've seen the previous installments, you'll look at the film as something that pushed the characters to step up and become stronger both mentally and physically.

BEST MCU MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆

This is a great movie.

3.25 stars.  Way, way too long (over 3 hrs) with too many characters.   As a result, never got into the plot.

The end of the Golden Age of Marvel and the best Marvel movie ever. After Endgame, Marvel became bad with very few good movies.

I dont even have words for this. I support steves decision to go back in time, i just wish he didnt leave bucky behind so soon :(

The film itself is quite good but it does an excellent job at ruining Infinity war by making them just say 'ooooohhhh but we have a time machine, yaaaaay'. They killed off Iron Man which is just plain dumb and replaced Cap' with the bloody Falcon fgs. I would've given it a 1 but the end fight with Thanos was great.

An absolute masterpiece

Greatest movie of all time

Thrilling. The effects are fantastic and the music was bone chilling. Truely an epic end to a fantastic series.

Em toda saga esse trás um grande desafio para todos, tendo que voltar e recuperar a força dos vingadores. Sem contar o ótimo trabalho do Robert Downey Jr ( Homem de Ferro ).

When it comes to the closing chapter of a franchise (or in this case, the closing chapter of the first saga), a satisfying conclusion that pleases all fans, while a fantastic film to boot, is very difficult to achieve, especially for such a widely watched property like Marvel. Avengers: Endgame, helmed by my personal favorite directors from the MCU, manage to not only pull off this feat, but run away with it. Endgame is the ultimate cinematic experience, and is a thrilling, yet heart-filled ending to all a very long run of films, especially for long-time MCU fans. Everything from action and special effects to dialogue and storytelling is woven to (almost) perfection. My only gripe with an otherwise movie masterpiece is how the characters of both Thor and Hulk are done a disservice, one being set on a path that seems unnecessary in the context of both the film and future installments, the other having his arc concluded off screen, which comes as a disappointment. Putting that aside, I have no doubt Endgame will go down as one of the most well-remembered movies of the 21st century.

Fitting end to an over a decade storyline

What an emotional rollercoaster to end the Infinity Saga that Marvel put into place. These beloved characters have been a part of our lives for so many years now it makes it all the more worth it and that much more emotional by the time the credits roll. You do not want to miss a minute of this movie. I suggest you use the restroom beforehand and have snacks at the ready. I saw this in theaters and could not look away for even a second.

Can be termed as one of the Greatest movies of all time!!!
But, I suggest better you watch marvel series of movies to understand it.....
Or atleast Avengers: Infinity War.

ok Endgame was so good. The best movie of all the marvel franchise this was an emotional action packed journey that really takes the stakes to ultimate high. So good and so impactful!

I can say that this movie is closing story of Avengers. There were many feelings when I was watching. I feel excited, sad, funny and more that make me like this movie so much. Even though I like it, there are some scenes that laugh jokes are added, which makes me feel like I don't like it a little but in climax of movie there are no laugh jokes that polish the feel so that I think that scene is the best scene of movie that I ever watched, there is everything I wanted to happen in this movie except last scene of this movie.
	I recommend you watch another marvel movie before watching this movie because this is story of Marval. If you want to understand how every scene in the story happened, you should watch another marvel movie before since Captain America: the first avenger to Avengers: Infinity war. There are 22 movies. For people who don't want to watch all of movies, you can watch only 2 movies before there are Avengers: Infinity war and Thor: Ragnarok. If you already watch these movies before I guarantee to understand almost everything for sure. Another thing that I like this Marvel movie because there are some easter eggs that spoil about future Marvel movies such as picture in billboard, Hawkeye's Daughter, etc. I feel like Marvel pay attention to details in every scene in movie. Everyone know that there are a lot of Marvel's character, but all characters have a role. Nobody left behind the story. 
	I think this is the best movie for me because it can connect the story that Marvel have made for 11 years. Every Marvel's movie is involved in this movie. I have watched all of Marvel's movies before watching this movie. When I was watching, I can link story what happening at that scene. The scene that I like is climax scene because there are all of superhero in Marvel at that scene, it makes me feel like party because there is someone who are in Avengers, but they haven't met together. This scene we can see superhero that we want to see.
	This movie has many things happened so I can't watch it only 1 time. When I rewatch this movie I found new things that I haven't see before that make me excited every time when I watch this movie. 
	Another thing that I like is background music, this make me more enjoyable for each scene. In action scene, I feel that avenger is too strong because background music that support the story but in sad scene, I feel very sad.

This is amazing if you've seen every Marvel project up until this and absolutely baffling if you haven't

Avengers: Endgame is a masterpiece! It made me cry several times as well... This is definitely one of the greatest superhero movies of all time!

The death knell of comic book movies. And thank gawd! About time. I loved me some comic books when I was a kid, but enough enough! Thank goodness they're all pretty much bombing now (with the exception of LOGAN, which is what these types of movies should have all been - deep).

Nothing in Superhero Land will be the same after Endgame.

This movie has a very doctor who-esque style to the plotline of it

Can't top Infinity War or the Winter Soldier but it's a very, very good ending to the culmination of all the MCU movies up to this point

Endgame caps off the infinity saga of the MCU beautifully, in an emotional, action packed, three hour thrill ride. Chris Evans, and Robert Downey Jr give some of their best career work in this film. I love the three act structure in this film, building to the inevitable final altercation with Thanos. The film is filled with great humor to break tension when needed. Hawkeye gets a major upgrade in this film, getting some of the best moments of the film. Played perfectly by Jeremy Renner giving tons of emotion to the role. The action in this film is impeccable, so many memorable battles. The special effects are outstanding! When you see the effects, you don't even think to yourself that they're effects. They're that good. The movie is emotional, very emotional. And I believe that the scenes that need to be heavy, are handled very well. This film caps off a great section of the MCU and gives closure to may stories, While also building for the future of the MCU.

Couldn't be better, checks all the boxes.

As a big fan of MCU i can say it was good ending of golden age of Marvel . Movie was dope when it drop to cinema , a lot of plots which ends in epic final battle .

De volta pro futuro com um Hulk ruim assista

O melhor filme que vi na minha vida, a empolgação que gera é impressionante.

Didn't fufill the greatness the older movies were building up for me. Wasn't a huge fan.

ÓTIMO FILME! Recomendo demais assistir esse filme, mas recomendo assistir tudo que antecede essa obra, para ter a melhor experiência e conseguir aproveitar a grandiosidade que esse filme entregou para o fim de uma era.
Incrível a crítica ter avaliado melhor do que a audiência, mas com certeza esse filme merece as notas mais altas possíveis.

While seemingly impossible to top Infinity War, Endgame tries its best. The movie wisely focuses on the original Avengers cast for 1 last round, but after having incorporated so many other characters in the previous film, it feels a little less complete. A super fun adventure to rewrite the wrongs and the consequences that follow

Avengers:Endgame is the pinnacle of the MCU.  Excellent ending to an excellent storyline that started all the way back in Iron Man.  All characters had great storylines and screen time.  Well acted with great humor and touching moments.  What every superhero movie should strive for.

Magnífico, emotivo y digno final para la saga del infinito

I saw with my father in same cinema 5 years ago it's was amazing and funny

The best of the best. We are in the endgame now.

100/100 Wait, is that a perfect film? Yes it is!

So, I'm not quite an MCU completist - I've seen approximately 2/3 of the movies up to this point - but if not my favorite so far, ENDGAME is very near the top, a completely satisfying, often emotionally involving epic that is a visual wonder and more. Without giving too much away, I'll say that the climactic battle is overwhelming in the best possible sense, there is a shocking event that occurs halfway through that I truly didn't see coming, and a scene toward the end in which virtually every living character from every Marvel movie gathers together is a movie-lover's dream. Yes, it could probably be a wee bit shorter, and yes, the plot gets a hair bit confusing, but these are minor quibbles. If they never made another Marvel movie (yeah, right!), this would be a fitting conclusion to the series. Popcorn entertainment at its best!!

The Best Movie That You Can See, About Superheroes Obviously

A bit overrated. Far from the worst but also far from the best. Whoever writes the jokes for these should be fired.

A satisfying ending to the infinity saga with more emotions then the predecessor!
But also has some flaws overall a good movie!

Saddest marvel movie that was ever made.

A great finale!!!!!!

Oh yeah... it's all coming together now.

Best superhero movie ever!!!

Best movie ever!! 
Fact.

It‘s a cool movie with great fighting scenes and they did it great with the characters and the story

Absolutely awesome, perfect and beyond description

It's only okay in the middle, but the buildup and the finale are super good so they completely make up for it.

What a masterpiece! 

After seeing Infinity War, you wonder how Marvel could have done after what it did to its heroes in Infinity War but yet, Marvel thought of the best way that they could have done what they did to their heroes.

We're in the Endgame and the Endgame rocks!

The best movie because when I was there at the movie theater the best parts came and everyone started clapping and cheering and cheered at the end of the movie and the best part my memories in the movie theater

Purple thing dies = 92-93%

Marvel Studios' Avengers: Endgame (2019) was the best Avengers film in the MCU ever, Thanos was the greatest villains that I've ever seen, the final battle scene was amazing, the CGI was spectacular, Captain Marvel definitely cooler than in Captain Marvel (2019), and everything was just stunning. Cannot wait for Avengers 5 in (2026) & Avengers: Secret Wars in (2027)!!!

An overarching storyline that goes through, not only the Avengers series, but several other superheroes series as well and things are forever changed! The culmination and satisfying conclusion to the world’s mightiest heroes that stretches over three phases of films.

best marvel movie by far GREAT PLOT tragic deaths the highest of highs and the lowest of lows

As the last movie of phase 3, this was arguably one of the more sloppy ways to end the saga, but there were so many innovative ideas, fight scenes, plot elements and twists, and overall the best final act fight scene that anyone could think of to end off the “Infinity Saga.”

Best Super Hero movie yet!

One of the better MCU films. Great end to a fantastic series of film beginning with Iron Man. Unclear at the time why there was a weirdly out of place "girl power" scene tacked on during the final battle with Thanos. Unfortunately, it apparently served as a foreshadowing of the excessive B-list superhero "girl power" storylines that would follow in nearly all MCU content subsequently released. Not sure that it made financial sense to ignore the vast majority of the Marvel fan base after Avengers: Endgame to increasingly cater to a much smaller or possibly non-existent fan base with B-list superhero storylines, but hopefully Disney finds its way back to a financially profitable reality sooner rather than later. It may even make sense to reset the MCU with an alternate timeline in which Tony Stark survives Avengers: Endgame. The Marvel fans definitely deserve better entertainment than what has been released since then.

I know I'm in the minority when it comes to film buffs when I say I think Endgame is better than Infinity War, I'm fine with that. I find a lot of its criticisms stupid or baseless. Obviously that doesn't mean it's void of criticisms. I have a couple issues myself, but everything about this movie is everything I could've ever wanted as an MCU fan and then it exceeded that. I'll never forget this theater experience either. Truly a once in a lifetime experience for me.

crossover episode ending did not deliver as much as I hoped
the end of the golden age of marvel

Chaotic, post-apocalyptic, emotional, character driven, hotel? Trivago.

"Avengers: Endgame" is an epic masterpiece! Incredible action, emotional depth, and a perfect conclusion to the Marvel saga. A cinematic triumph!

i like infinity war a lot more but still good

COM CERTEZA O AUGE DO CINEMA,FILME MARAVILHOSO

Its a AMAZING Movie and the final battle was epic and the fans are like it. its EPIC

Again they knock it out of the park with another amazing MCU movie! The only thing that I had an issue with was the time travel gimmick. It was so convoluted and over bloated it made completely no sense times. However I didn't ruin my my whole movie viewing experience. And just like with Infinity War I watched it three times when it was in theaters.

Best fan service in geek-film history.

A redeeming movie for all marvle fans.

Wonderful script, drama at the right time, incredible story. Some plot holes but nothing that affects the general structure of the film.

There was no possible way that the conclusion to Affinity War could live up to the hype, but this came damn close!

The culmination of the MCU, the 21st century movie-going experience, and a decade of acting by its best and brightest stars, Endgame delivers a perfect finale for its fans.  No better send off could exist than this. Every moment delivers beyond what it should. When coupled with its predecessors, the MCU from Iron Man to Endgame will go down as one of the greatest, most satisfying theatrical stories ever told. 10/10.

Best movie OAT it's the GOAT

the movie was awesome with the final battle and plot and action it was very good film overall infinitely rewatchable

One of the best movies of all time.

Long but not boring. The 2-hour build up to the final battle really works as we can spend time investing on the main superheroes and take a look at the consequences of infinity war.

Perfect conclusion for a decade long journey of the Infinity Saga

I love this movie. The amazing conclusion to the Infinity Saga, at the time, felt like the conclusion to the MCU but we should have known better, this made 2 billion dollars, do you think Disney is going to stop that? RDJ, Chris Evans, and Christ Hemsworth are amazing and I just love everything about this movie, especially the Portals scene. This is the best MCU movie of all time and an amazing movie overall.

I love this one too, nothing more

this movie is overhyped. its good but nowhere near the level of infinity war. lets start with positives I love how Captain America feels like the leader again and him going back in time to be with the love of his life and returning to the present old really hits me emotionally because Captain America is a character I could see being old at some point but just something about the way they did it broke me. I also enjoy how the only half of the team is together so characters who lost their friends can interact with characters they wouldn't be able to without this such as Rocket and Thor, Tony and Nebula and finally Hulk and Ant man. I also loved the third act which really pays of those die hard fans. And finally Iron Mans death scene is very emotional and make me cry every time. Now for the problems. Thor is really bad written besides the fact that he meets his mother again to make a beautiful scene after the pretty boring death she got in Thor the dark world. I feel like the time traveling aspect is really interesting but also very fan servicey because for half the movie they are just visiting old locations collecting the stones Its kind like a way like screaming in your face HEY DO YOU REMBER THIS but in a more subtidal way. also I drags for a while. I understand how this is the finale to 11 years old build up but it's kind of boring during the 2nd act. Overall Its worth a watch but only after you've watched every other marvel movie 8/10

AMAZING!
A movie experience that will never be beat!
I've never jumped and cheered in a theater in my life!

O filme é bem roteirizado e repleto de drama, suspense e ação. Encerra uma fase da saga de forma magistral. As 3 horas de exibição fluem de maneira muito agradável. Trata-se de uma obra-prima da Marvel.

This was by far, one of the best marvel movies I have ever seen. Probably even one of the best movies I have ever seen in general. The CGI is amazing, the acting is great, good humor, great plot, the action scenes are amazing, and the villain is such a good villain. The fact that this is a 3 hour movie makes me like it even more because I get to see more of what I listed above. The one downside is that you have to see Avengers: Infinity War before Avengers: Endgame, but even that will be worth your time! Amazing movie, 5/5 stars. You will absolutely enjoy this film.

This movie was the almost perfect conclusion to the infinity saga, with it having amazing acting, perfect CGI, or it just being epic, it is amazing if you don't think about it to hard, but there are little plot holes that do not make any sense if you think about it hard enough, for example: why didn't captain marvel snap the infinity gauntlet when she had it? Or how does captain america going back in time to spend time with his girlfriend then grow old to give falcon the shield make sense if(by the movies own weird time travel logic) happen because the movie says going into the past does not effect the future. Like i said this movie is really amazing just has some weird plot holes.

Best Marvel movie in my opinion. The love letter to the OG six, it was perfect. The finale was legendary, cgi was flawless, acting was phenomenal, and they concluded the Infinity Saga perfectly with this. Marvel can't top this.

Great movie! Can re-watch multiple times. Loved it!

An epic conclusion to a good franchise that understood its roots and its chore. 
This movie has its flaws when it comes to making sense and the way it finishes the story, but since this was an event movie, that's understandable.

I love watching the guys on my underwear go to therapy.

I found the movie quite enjoyable but long, it had a cool story and even better scenes and action but it was incredibly long. overall a very solid and well-made movie.

One of the best movies of our generation. 
That's all. You need to understand the amount of work that went into this compilation. Just wow.

I don't think any marvel or even comic fan has missed this movie. Do I really need to comment this one 😍

In the climax to the one of the largest franchises ever we get an emotional background that spends time on its characters and nods to the journey in earlier parts using time travel. Incredible!

It was all emotional pandering with no real substance.

Looked good and it was a sufficient end of the era.

The only reason why I took half a star off is that I'm not too big of a fan of superheroes. But I have to give this movie credit.

A perfect ending to the infinity Saga

My theater went wild with the ending

Filme ótimo, o melhor filme que existe da Marvel, único filme que me trouxe tristeza e alegria ao mesmo tempo!

My favorite film of 2019. It had lots of good fight scenes and parts where it was emotional.

Mikey's Movie Review: Avengers: Endgame (2019) 
Avengers: Endgame is a fun packed, emotional ride and well worth the 10 year plus investment into the franchise! Over a 3 hour running time, it lives up to the expectations, the promise, and the high bar set by the previous 21 films, reaching both a logical and satisfying conclusion. These are our 'friends'. We know who they are, what motivates them and what they mean to each other. Obviously there is much fan service on display, but both the Writers Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely and the Directors Anthony & Joe Russo, also treat the audience loyalty with respect and intelligence. And the rewards are plentiful. Rarely have movie characters been given enough screen time and such a canvas to live and breath. It's going to be hard to say goodbye. It's been a blast and we'll miss them... until the next instalment.  
Mikey's Movie Rating: 4/5* 😊👌

Esta es la mejor peli de super heroes todo en esta peli es como minimo bastante bueno y como maximo es lo mejor de su tipo. La batalla final es simplemente la mejor de la historia tiene muchas escenas epicas como la Santa trinidad contra Thanos Capitan America con el martillo de Thor la que para mi la mejor escena es la de los portales y el chasqido de Tony el proseso de recuperar las gemas es divertido y nostalgico la primera parte es buenisima con Tony y nebula a su suerte y los Vengadores lidiando con la muerte de la mitad de la poblacion. Esta es la mejor version de el Cap levantando el martillo luchando contra Thanos ayudando a la gente y su traje de la batalla final es bellisimo. Tony esta bien hecho y su traje es bastante bueno. Thor esta bien pero

It was boring. Just boring. Just like infinity war, the plot doesn't make any sense. Fat Thor was just cringe, just like Captain America watching at his own ass. Again, it was just a fan service move to convince the fans of every single super hero to go to the cinema and pay for the movie

This movie was beautiful

In every way, Avengers: Endgame exceeds expectations.
It sums up a lot of universe-wide events and is much more entertaining than Infinity War.

Avengers: Endgame, Marvel's big and ridiculously expensive finale, finally hit theaters in mid-2019 and quickly became the box-office behemoth it was always going to be. The sequel to Avengers: Infinity War promised an even grander scale, extra character crossovers and an even more devastating and epic climax.​

Set after the "Snap", supervillain Thanos' eradication of half of the universe using his trusty gauntlet, Endgame begins with an appropriately somber tone as we see Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) lose his entire family, Tony Stark stuck in space ready to die and we witness the hopeless world left behind after the Avengers failed to save it. Stark is promptly saved thanks to new recruit Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) but refuses to help track down Thanos (Josh Brolin) with the other heroes. This mission turns out to be a bittersweet success as the villain is caught and punished yet the Snap proves to be irreversible as the Infinity Gauntlet was destroyed some time ago. This doesn't help with the Avengers' morale: Thor retreats into depression, Hulk settles his inner conflicts to lead a more peaceful life, Hawkeye becomes a vigilante and Tony Stark spends his time raising the daughter he feared he'd never see again.​

In a miraculous turn of events, Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is suddenly spat out of the Quantum Realm machine he found himself stuck inside at the end of Ant-Man And The Wasp, while the Snap was happening, and helps the leftover Avengers come up with a potential solution. Said solution, of course, is time travel and, even though Tony Stark initially dismisses that as far-fetched and too dangerous, he later cracks the science of it all and agrees to give it a good old go. A long-shot plan is soon formulated and the Avengers are quickly hopping back to very specific moments in time when the Infinity Gauntlet's stones were up for grabs. They encounter some rather large speed bumps along the way, forcing them to improvise, and a pre-Snap Thanos becomes aware of what's going on. This leads to a massive battle in the film's third act involving all the heroes where big, dramatic sacrifices are made.​

Two whole paragraphs it took to relay this plot right there and, while it may sound like a non-stop, action-packed sci-fi comic-book rollercoaster ride, it both is and it isn't. Endgame's approach is very different to Infinity War from the get-go in that it very much prioritizes character moments and closing character arcs over mindless popcorn movie action, though it delivers some of that too. In terms of pacing, this is closer to the first Avengers film which was peppered with a majority of slower scenes aiming to introduce familiar characters into a new plot. Here, it's all about giving certain characters significant, earned send-offs or fuller arcs and, even though this is an admirable endeavour, it also prevents this movie from ever really taking off. The time-travel stuff is the closest we come to the film feeling awake (before the end battle) but getting there takes a good amount of patience.​

That said, even if the film may test the average viewer's attention span, it is never too boring for comic-book fans as there is something fascinating about seeing these larger-than-life heroes being completely broken down, then rebuilt and broken down again. It's also a lot of fun to see them interact with older versions of themselves, characters they never made their peace with, meet others from a different Avenger's universe for the first time and eventually fight it out with Thanos' army. The tone throughout is mostly nostalgic and downbeat but there's still a decent amount of humour in there, though it is hit-and-miss. Luckily, whenever the action kicks in, it is very well done.​

Visually, this is one of the MCU's most ambitious, slickest efforts as the end battle, especially, is both a shameless CGI overdose and a spectacular treat. Parts of it are essentially live-action two page comic-book spreads and, coupled with some clever twists and big surprises, this makes for a very satisfying last hurrah. The cast does a great job on the whole and it's genuinely moving to see the end of an era, though the film does spread the emotions a bit thick at the end.

Avengers: Endgame certainly has its moments and it delivers all the scale and drama you'd expect for the end of a big franchise. Unfortunately, a rather convoluted plot, the uneven pacing and overall downer mood means it isn't quite as fun or as exciting as the movie before it. Still, it is certainly competent, busy and entertaining enough to please fans of the Marvel saga and not put everyone else straight to sleep.

Fair finale.

I have so many issues with this movie. Carol's awful hairstyle? Natasha dying just like that? Clint should have died and let Natasha be his kids' father and his wife's husband.

A perfect ending to one of the best chain of movies in recent history. It'll be hard for Disney/Marvel to top what they've done up untill this point. They're not off to a great start with the sludge they've put out on D+, & what's been released on Phase 5 so far. I'll stick with rewatching phases 1-4 for now. I know many people like to stuck their noses up at superhero movies, but there doesn't have to be just one single way to experience cinema. There's nothing wrong with enjoying these movies, we all need to be less snobby. Sometimes you just want to have fun at the movies.

A cinematic masterpiece that has solidified itself in pop culture history. A star studded cast is balanced perfectly with satisfying conclusions yet heart-wrenching moments. Legacy's are ended and new ones are birthed as the avengers band together one last time.

I love it!! The best avengers movie everrr

Not a masterpiece, but Avengers Endgame is still amazing. And ends on a high note

This movie is great, satisfying and a must-see ending to the Infinity Saga.

Taking itself far too seriously; banal and boring. The first 35 minutes, where nothing happened, saw this viewer lose the will for anything. At over 3 hours its self indulgence bordered on sociopathic. Avoid.

Possibly the best conclusive chapter of all time 11 years in the making of the MCU and the conclusion is complete plus with satisfying answers, satisfying visuals, and satisfying storylines coming to an end, or infinity war and endgame as one joint of them works very very well. Just put those two movies together and you can have a fun time plus works as a willl and a conclusive chapter I will say some negative things like one even though Everything felt very exciting and very intriguing is still kind of like some steaks in the first act like there’s no primary villain that is in a rush. We can just spend time, time traveling all we want and the other thing that did not stick the land for me was the newer version of Thanos even though he is still the character from being war, which is felt little off, but other than that, this was real written, the directors and writers knew what to do with this over arcing franchise, and how to come to an end 10/10

This is the pinnacle of Super Hero movies, everything well written and great characters even the villain is intriguing!

THE MOST EPIC FILM I'VE SEEN IN YEARS

This movie had so much to offer it had a lot of action, suspense, and drama This movie was so good the best movie of 2019

The best of the best

Great sequel to a cliffhanger from no.3,super iconic, just toooo good

This review does contain SPOLIERS…

It's not very often that a movie makes me cry. I'm typically very good at separating the fiction from reality. That being said, I sobbed my damn eyes out in the Iron Man death scene the first time I watched this movie. The way the plot-line in these movies is woven together is just immaculate. Beyond that, they did a FANTASTIC job of getting the viewer to get attached to the characters. I guess that's more of a review of the entire infinity saga than just this one movie. The way the rest of the movies fall into place and come together to set up infinity war and endgame is one of the main things that makes this one of the best movies of all time. Everything from the first Iron Man movie all the way to endgame was just so well though out and constructed. That's all there really is to say.

its the best mcu movie of all time .

El principio fue un poco aburrido pero lo compensa todo con el mejor final en una película de superhéroes

Review - Avengers: Endgame

"Avengers: Endgame" is a film of momentous scale, seeking to wrap up a decade's worth of storytelling. And while "Infinity War" pulsated with an intensity and urgency, "Endgame" seems to lose some of that steam. True, there are concerns about narrative continuity, most notably the speed at which Thanos and his minions operate, but a larger issue seems to be the treatment of the time-travel aspect. Dipping into time-travel tropes from other beloved franchises might be intended as playful homage, but it comes across more as narrative chaos than a nod to its predecessors.

Another area of contention is the film's treatment of female characters. The climactic battle scene, while visually impressive, shoehorns in a "girl power" moment. Representation and equality are vital, and there's nothing wrong with showcasing the strength of the female characters. However, it's essential to root such moments in narrative sense rather than blatant pandering. This push for representation sometimes feels superficial when it could have been seamlessly integrated into the narrative. The argument isn't against strong female characters; it's about the portrayal being genuine and not at the expense of realism.

A significant bone of contention for many fans is the character of Captain Marvel. Introduced as an incredibly powerful character in the MCU, she doesn't seem to fit seamlessly into the established narrative of "Endgame." Her power level, in relation to others and her role in the broader story, feels inconsistent.

All in all, "Avengers: Endgame" is a monumental cinematic feat, but it's not without its missteps. Where "Infinity War" felt like a roller coaster, "Endgame" sometimes feels like it's trudging uphill.

Too long. Too convoluted. If you aren't a fan of marvel movies and hadn't seen literally all of them up to this point, you have no idea what is going on. Not worth the time.

An unnecessary film, it was complex to deliver the promises from "Infinity War" but although having iconic scenes and ideas. It was simply forced to make a second film, comedy is still at the expense of the "less popular heroes" whose personality and character completely changes for the sake of script.

Following the Acclaimed Infinity War, I fully expect this Endgame to be a all-time classic & I have to say this was rather… underwhelming. To be fair I do like it's basic concept but the execution of it leaves a lot to be desired, this movie's story is mainly comedy-based and for a Avengers movie, it doesn't work as The Avengers aren't a comedy based group. Not to mention it's climax is a just post Avengers defeating Thanos's glove, which in theory does sound rather cool but when your characters are howdy-doody and defeat someone's who's clearly effect the most following previous effects, it comes across as cheesy than effective. I don't hate this movie but I do think it's underwhelming, so I guess it all depends, if your a casual Avengers fan or casual MARVEL fan, Avengers: Endgame is definitely something you'll enjoy but if your a hardcore fan, I say stick with the previous movies if you want something authentically good.

This movie is amazing but ininfinty war is better in my opinion

lk filme kıyasla kalitesi düşük kalmış. 3 saatlik filmde neredeyse bütün ekran süresinin ana ekibe bağlanması biraz acımasızlık olmuş. Bir önceki filmdeki Thor ile bu filmdeki Thor filmin kalitesiyle aynı paralellikte. Finali sadece bir karaktere bağlamak diğer kahramanlara acımasızlık olmuş. Dr Strange'i filmde 5dk görmemiz de üzücü. Seriyi noktalamak için ortalama bir film olmuş. 6.5/10

I don’t even know where to begin when it comes to this movie.This movie is freaking epic.It’s stunning,it’s emotional and all the performances were amazing.I’d be lying if I didn’t say I got emotional at least once or twice watching this.The Russo Brothers did not disappoint and definitely lives up to expectations and hype

It's a whole lot to chew on. The big finale is a great "hurrah!" moment, but the intimate moments with the characters Endgame provides are what sparkle in the middle of a desperate story.

A perfect conclusion to a franchise! The way they send off characters who we all grew to love was heartwarming. Highly appreciate that we perfect third act we needed for all these years! Best final battle in the MCU!

Perfect follow up to infinity war, I do believe there were more epic moments in this movie than infinity war but man was this fantastic, I screamed so loud along with everyone when cap with the hammer came in screen

It was really good. Action packed but dragged on a bit too long.

impressive visual effects, stunning cast. it left me a great feeling after every view. I've seen it couple times, honestly. maybe sometimes there was too much fighting but, never the less I really like this movie

phenomenal. I love it

this work of art is in my top 3 movies of all time
We miss you RDJ!

Um filme MUITO bom, que na época fez eu sair do cinema surpreso com o que eu tinha acabado de assistir, sou fã de histórias com viagem no tempo e eu acho isso um ponto muito forte no filme, o que me agrada, com certeza está no meu top 10

O ápice do cinema mundial, poltronas viraram arquibancadas de estádio!!! Muito bom!

This movie is the perfect ending to the infinity sag a of the mcu. It is emotional, heartwarming, funny and exiting. This movie has possibly the best final battle of any movie in history. This feels like the perfect end to an amazing era.

Iron man dying really lowered the score than a happier ending would of made it better
And it started the dark age of marvel Shang chi,She hulk,WanadaVision,Eternals but apart from that the action was great pretty good movie but some aspects could have made it better

Eu amei o filme, no dia que eu fui assistir nos cinemas eu fui com a minha escola

Probably one of the Best movie that I've ever seen on theaters, you just had to be there (Clearly a Must-See) 👑

Satisfying conclusion to the infinity saga of the MCU

If Tony & Steve had not died this movie might have been the greatest superhero movie ever but they did die & it sucked & it lowered my rating for this movie

Contains the single best 20 minutes of cinematography, a fantastic 20/10 movie. Story telling through the roof and great action scenes.

The film it is really catchy from beginning to the end, the scenes are amazing and iconic is overall a 9/10 film, has a great character development and the out come is gripping but sometimes has a weird lines sometimes awlful or forgettable.

Está película es la definición de EPICO

O MI GAWD MARVEL I LOVE U 300000! fat thor, tony stark, peter quill and captain america. in one movie. with korg. perfection.

The travel time bit should have a significant issue - add time travel to a longstanding narrative and all of the preceding events would have no significance. However, it was executed flawlessly, and added additional depth and a new perspective to the previous movies, instead of destroying them.

Avengers: Endgame is emotionally resonant and makes huge sacrifices for the franchise!

Sad that this has to end, been a fun ride.

I fell asleep in the middle of it and I don't sleep a lot.

Another Insane Movie! Even better then Infinity War. The final battle is Insane! A great ending for some characters! A very very must watch!

Amazing movie, the pacing is incredible and it really did feel like an endgame.  The movie is really good the time heist was fun to watch and so was the final battle.  A really good conclusion at the end with tony stark sacrificing himself to save the universe.  One thing I didn't like about the movie was the 5-year time gap, I feel like 5 years is too much.  It should have been 1 or 2 I years, not 5. I also didn't like captain marvel in this movie but it's good she was only in it for 4 minutes

This is the perfect ending to the infinity saga, an emotional ending and a promising future for the MCU, imagine if The Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars were bad.

Best mcu movie of all time so far and one of the best movies of all time

The best movie of all time

This is the first movie I saw the public cry out on the theaters, an unforgettable experience,this movie is amazing, awesome, unbelievable, pure fan service, made of fan to fan

The most awesome end of the journey for our Mightiest Heroes on Earth. A must see!

Nebula should die instead of iron man thank you asking.

The best film I ever seen

Solid but Infinity War was so much better. Cool ending but basic plot

I like infinity war better. But this is still an outstanding movie and definitely a fitting conclusion to the infinity saga.

I have probably watched this a dozen times now. The time travel bit should have a big problem - introduce time travel into a long-running story/franchise and suddenly everything that went before is meaningless. However, it was handled perfectly, and added depth and new perspective to the earlier films, instead of ruining them.

The Thor story arc was a little unnecessary, but there are enough breath-taking, cheer out loud moments, to make me forget about that!

Forgetable, epic, and with one of the worse screenplay in all the story, the development of the characters depends of another movies and doesn´t have any message, bad movies for all the public

One of the most epic movies of all time it carried the infinity saga but the iron man sacrifice seen was so amazing just wish he didn't have to die for it even though he is only human marvel could have done some multiverse work so could live or still be iron man. Then there's captain America retirement scene but I wish marvel decided not to do that I mean him and Peggy was nice but I just wanted him to still be our captain because he was the leader of the avengers but then when they retired him he just lost the captain America capability. Ok so the movie was good and all but I just wish marvel had kept the original avengers alive.

Endgame was a really awesome cinematic experience. I remember watching it on opening night with all of my buddies, it was absolutely amazing. This was a great film.

I used to love this movie so much, but I hate it now. This new time travel way thing makes no sense.  Changing the past does change the future. The entire MCU heroes is too much. Guardians of the Galaxy deserve better! As a movie buff, this is one of the worst movies I've ever watched in my life.

Avengers: Endgame delivers an epic and emotionally resonant conclusion to the Infinity Saga, paying tribute to the MCU's legacy with an extraordinary and satisfying cinematic event.

Thanks for making my childhood a little bit more happy with these incredible movies
some better others a bit worse, but ok. This movie end the journey  perfectly! (Obvius have some mistakes in movie and in the journey, but the emotion can´t rate this low than 5/5).

AS A REMEMBER THIS WAS A BLAST

This movie was the perfect finish the Marvel saga, only highlighted further by the feeble attempts made to keep things going past this film. This movie brought everything full circle on a scale that dwarfed every other crossover in film history. This movie stands as a testament to how good Marvel was, and what it looks like to build a coherent franchise like no other. Many will try and fail to do what Marvel did here, and Marvel themselves seem to have forgotten how.

Story & Plot 8/10
Actors 10/10
Production design 10/10
Costumes 10/10

The MCU ended with this movie, for MANY of us. IW and Endgame were peak Marvel. The new stuff is objective trash with many being woke trash with horrid writing as an accompaniment. With that being said, Endgame is the PERFECT send off for those of us that have been around the MCU since we were little kids.

ok movie, watch if you like avengers

It lacks action, and sometimes lacks potential do to a couple of important characters, being really nerfed... BUT, it's an awesome movie, beacause since Return Of The King, I do not see an epic final fight between two armies that collide and this time, for the fate of the WHOLE universe, EPIC AF. And not just the final battle, that, well, it obviously is the icing on the cake, 10/10, the idea of going back in time is well constructed and projected in this installment, smart and brave enough to not screw it up, because in this fictional world with few Pym particles and the existence of the Quantum Realm, yeah sure, you can make this into a "I see this as an absolute win". The only reason, I prefer IW more than Endgame, is because it's rawer and marvel, nowadays has returned to the all-time cliché superhero world that I hope it's going to slow down considerately and find a damn balance between humour and seriousness, ehem, Thor 4... At least recently, GOTG 3 was a bit cruder than Ant-Man 3 and Doctor Strange 2 and really made you worried for the characters and their fate like Infinity War did. Endgame also has a sense of realism and that's why I think it's awesome, because on some epic conclussion, with everything being on stake and full of risks, you end up thinking that someone will die, and accept his final destination, for the sake of the victory.

Well, it all comes down to this. The grand finale for the Infinity Saga. It is explosive and great in all the ways that matter. It's also an emotional rollercoaster for fans who followed alongside the MCU's story.

Great end to the infinity saga. Doubtful it will be topped.

It had some sad moments as the last time for a lot of things but I still don't like the ending with all the characters going away

The story is awesome and the characters are great, the action and acting overall was good, just wish the movie took some scenes out.

The culmination of more than a decade's worth of effort, "Endgame" safely but powerfully finishes off the Infinity Saga in exhilarating style.

I honestly believe the only reason why people like this movie so much is because it has all of the superheroes in it in one way or another and everyone was excited to see their favorites. The movie was constipated with drama and not in the exciting edge of my seat kind. Popular lines were taken from other movies to create nostalgia of viewers favorite parts. I've never enjoyed movies from the Russo brothers and have even walked out of their previous movies because there is too much drama and little to no resolution and this movie coincides with their track record. The only 'resolution' to make any sort of 'amends' to his teammates that didn't like him was to kill a popular Superhero with anxiety because they thought that was the only way he could be given redemption was in death. A person with anxiety had to sacrifice himself because nothing he could ever do would ever be considered good enough for redemption. It's not a message we should feel proud sending to our children and to this day, it still doesn't sit right with me and I still cringe thinking about this movie. I regret talking my friends into thinking Disney taking over Marvel was a good thing as now we've seen them take the MCU and flush it down the toilet... then flush again because it didn't go all the way down.

A groundbreaking film and I dare say the most important in the entire history of Marvel production. Virtually everything was done wonderfully!

A great finish to the Marvel Saga. I believe there were moments that needed to be edited down - I wont go into full detail for those who have not seen the movie, but at the end, Pepper needed more time. Moments were wonky, but its expected- they did a huge disservice to Thor the god of thunder. They had to block his powers. Captain Marvel was useless, sad to say. Granted it was the end of the OG Marvel era- but perhaps leaving it a little more open couldve left Disney milking the cow some more since the new Marvel era kinda sucks.

Avengers: Endgame brings all of our favorite characters in the MCU into one "final" showdown as they same the universe yet again. This film is filled with gripping action, heartbreaking emotion, and some pretty dang hilarious jokes. This was where Marvel Studios was at its peak.

Good movie, but a bit boring at times

The biggest movie in cinema history and the best fight scene ever.

A blockbuster conclusion to the Infinity saga that was everything I wanted. This was a masterpiece.

The absolute best marvel movie of all time
And also my favorite movie

Great characters great story and very sad moments

Um dos melhores filmes de heróis já feito.

My favourite movie of all time must watch it.

Strong final stansa in a long running and entertaining franchise. A 3 hour epic that motors along at a good pace.

The best marvel movie yet

É um filme que da para assistir, mas no máximo não passa da nota 8,0.

one of the best marvel movies ever.

It takes a while to get to the point, and the story occasionally hinges on conveniences in order to move forwards, but a phenomenal third act, a moving conclusion and beyond satisfying wrap-ups to our favorite heroes make the 3 hour road trip well worth the time, and rewards any who've been following the series with a great, emotional climax.

Very good can get boring after a few rewatches but very good.

I don't need to explain much, this movie is an amazing climax for the infinity saga that begins me lots of laughter, tears, and nostalgia.

O melhor de todos os Vingadores, uma quantidade menor de cenas de luta e uma dose mega extra de drama, do jeito que amamos… Os fãs verdadeiros devem ter ido à loucura, pois eu, como mera expectadora me apaixonei por essa junção perfeita de todos os heróis da Marvel em um só filme, perfeição…

It's hard for any of the MCU movies to really live up to the bar set up by Infinity War, and Endgame almost reaches it for the majority of the movie. Big and very controversial things happened in the end, some of which are better than others. I truly feel that Thor and Hulk's story arcs should have been flipped in this movie (Thor was unable to stop Thanos' snap, he should have been the one to bring everyone back, and Hulk was beaten by Thanos, he should have fought and redeemed himself at the end). Also, are we going to ignore the fact that they just have a time travelling machine now? (Spoilers: yes)

One word. Fantastic!

I’m not crying! You’re crying!

Really good, but they took out my favorite characters so half a star off

Best anding in whole cinema history - not only of the movie but the ending of whole saga. In my opinion of course!

The peak movie of the MCU for decades to come.

Amazing movie can't say bad about this but it was too long

It should be impossible to tie up all the proceeding films and characters. But this movie does it and does it brilliantly! It's hard to fault it. Everyone gets a good showing and performance, I doubt we'll ever see anything else quite like it.

Just wanted to point out that instead of offing half of the population he could've just doubled the resources. Bad premise. Too long.

This is the peak of marvel. Everything they've done for 13 years building to this film. Loved every moment of it and literally jaw dropped and tears were shed when watching this. 

If you don't like marvel this film MIGHT sway you but should watch Infinity War first

everyone loved the movie.

Wow! Three hours of pure greatness! What a conclusion!

Honestly this feels like a great movie and I love it and how the characters interact

One of the best movies ever made. Absolutely a must watch to finish out the infinity saga.

Not my cup of thea, way too much CGI and way too much characters who where played by actors only cause their famous and not caus they can act good. Movie is way to buzzy, way too much characers.

'Avenger: Endgame' is the perfect ending for the most important saga in superhero movies. Saying goodbyes to a lot of characters, it brings to a sad but surely satisfying end everything was built from the first movie back in 2012.

Amazing start to finish!! One of the best movies I've ever seen!

Russo Brothers greatly balanced every character and respected their emotions. Once again they recall the characters at the first half an hour and then the movie goes to next level. Climax was too good and the Pay off for the characters is also good.

Top 3 superhero movie and top 10 movie ever made.

Best film ever. Such a sad film as well but it was amazing and amazing to see that Captain America could lift the hammer that made the film extra special for me. But we lost some great heroes iron man and Captain America Still I'm I got to the avengers together one last time I had the time of my life watching these heroes form but seeing them all come together that was the thing that made my childhood

Just amazing my favourite movie of all time and the best final act out of any mcu film and seeing Tony stark die was sad this movie is amazing

Fat Thor is bad, and there's lots of fanfare, but it was very entertaining and had a cool story!

One of the best MCU films. Continues where the last Avenger's film left off. The surviving heroes confront Thanos at the very start of the film. Then there is a five year timeskip where the story continues trying to reverse the major event that happened.

Too busy, a tad confusing, unnecessarily convoluted...but oddly, it mostly works.  Plot contrivances are spackled over with technobabble and great action set pieces, and completions of many character arcs are genuinely satisfying.  Callbacks to previous MCU movies are  mostly well done (including the time travel conceit) and rewarding to long-time fans (like me), and there are some really well landed moments of triumph.  Overall, after 22 movies and 12 years of storytelling, Endgame manages to stick the landing, Kerri Strug style.

It's the Endgame of Marvel , full filling all its promises and ending with a unbearable pain & feel good . A perfect ending which can be appreciated as Matserpiece for sure ❤️‍🔥

Marvel melhor de filme perfeito A espera de 10 anos valeu sim à pena. Filme fez jus a um encerramento de uma saga. Marvel nos deu tudo que queríamos. A batalha final é arrepiante, te leva no ápice de todas as emoções. Agora só nos resta aguardar pra ver com o que a Marvel nos fazerá sonhar daqui pra frente. Obrigado Marvel por essa experiência Só bastava uma palavra para descrever Os Vingadores Ultimato. Fantástico. Particularmente eu achava Superman O Filme de 1978 como o maior filme de Super-Herói da história. Pelo menos até Vingadores Ultimato. Pois Vingadores Ultimato é imbatível. Um filme maravilhoso. Épico. Que enterra Superman de Richard Donner. Que desbanca o reinado aparentemente insuperável de Avatar. Que deixou para trás o grande filme Titanic. Que coloca no devido ...
Leia Mais

A masterpiece. Really.

The best movie in comic book history!

"Avengers: Endgame" may leave some fans unsatisfied due to questionable plot choices but its stunning third act makes the culmination worth a watch.

I really love this continuous story from infinity war. However, don't get me wrong but the time they have prepared for fight back is kinda long enough to make me want to skip right to fight moment.

When I first saw Endgame I was thoroughly entertained however upon rewatching I find myself fast forwarding through most of the movie just to get to the good bits.

This is the perfect conclusion for this saga of storytelling.

Vamos por as cartas na mesa, o filme vinha com uma difícil missão de igualar o antecessor, mas foi fraco e entediante, tirando as cenas de guerra do meio pro fim e as cenas memoraveis(do capitão com aquela arma la.. não vou da spoiler), o filme é muito fraco...

Podría haber sido la mejor película de superhéroes para todos los tiempos, pero la fastidiaron por el wokismo. La Capitana Marvel la metieron con calzador cuando no pintaba nada, ese papel en la batalla final debería haber sido para Hulk, a quien destrozan en esta película, como a Thor, que lo convierten en un payaso borracho. La escena de todas las chicas juntas en mitad de la batalla final es la escena mas irreal y forzada de la historia del cine, patética. Una pena porque son esas correcciones hubiera sido LA PELICULA. El final de Iron Man y el Capi, lo mejor.

de lo mejor de marvel

Is the Best movie all the time

I coundint watch the movie so i quit

El final es sencillamente el momento más épico visto en una película de superhéroes, nada jamás podrá superar todo lo que genera esa batalla final. No considero que sea una película perfecta por lo extensa que es, sintiéndose un poco lenta y no tan interesante la historia de los viajes en el tiempo. Pero el final es todo lo que esperábamos y más.

Here ends a big and epic Marvel Phase, one of the most amazing the world has even seen. The Infinity Saga always will be the best on Marvel Studios.

Amazing, but Infinity War is better

The end of the greatest sci-fi experience of my life

Very satisfying ending to a huge phase for Marvel

I doubt in my lifetime this will ever be topped.
This is what we never thought will ever happen to comic book movies.
I've been reading comic books since the 80s, and I never once enjoyed the Avengers, until the MCU did the impossible... Made the Avengers a must watch and milestone in movie/comic history.

They hurt the movie by having captain marvel in it= otherwise it could have become the greatest movie ever made, which is still INFINITY WAR

I don't care what anyone says this Movie was GARBAGE!!!!

what can i say there were 10 years build up for this movie and the feeling going to the cinema to watch it was amazing

Obviously, Thanos could have just snapped his fingers to give the universe unlimited resources once he had all the stones. However, the movie would be pretty short if that were the case. Overall, it was a great movie with excellent graphics.

it is the best marvel movie

The finale of the Infinity Saga could have been the finale of the MCU. This movie has everything you look for in a superhero movie, great action, great story and emotional depth! A fitting end to the the first 3 phases of the MCU.

The culmination of ten years and it didn't disappoint.

bueno es larga pero tambien como infinty war es perfecta como spiderman 2 y 1

the time travel was boring but the movie itself is awesome

Love this movie, in my top 3 MCU movies.

jeden z najlepszych filmów Marvela - box office to potwierdza z resztą

Very satisfying conclusion to this epic saga. Hits hard emotionally. How a superhero movie should be made.

This is it. Avengers: Endgame is the culmination of the greatest franchise in film history, the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Civil War divided the Avengers, Infinity War destroyed them, and Endgame is the incredible reunion and final assembling of Earth's mightiest heroes. Where Infinity War was large and loud, Endgame is intimate and quiet. The emotion that is felt during (and especially at the end of) Endgame is unlike any other emotion conveyed in cinema. These are real stakes for characters that you have come to know and love over the past decade. The balance of juggling complex story lines while still delving into individual character development is masterful. The selfish become selfless, the lost find home and the burdened can finally rest. When all is said and done, Avengers: Endgame is a masterclass of greatness.

The movie has great graphics and the characters were portrayed very good. Avengers movies is always a must watch movie.

An All Time Classic. Surprisingly the first hour is really slow setting up how each survivor has been dealing with the fallout which was surprising. The editing while still jumpy like the last one at times is still very well done and once it settles in really flows beautifully by the end. The music is very good though I wouldn't say it's as phenomenal as Infinity War's mainly due to the large amount of slow parts. That being said this builds beautifully and thoughtfully. This doesn't play out how I would've expected going into it and surprises you the whole way. The action scenes while loaded with CGI oversaturation in the end is still well done and there is less here because of the slower drama parts. The only issue character wise is Captain Marvel is kind of boring a bit lazy how she is so overpowered and doesn't feel as earned as the rest of the team. I still prefer Infinity War for its more frantic action and doom right out of the gate, but no question this is a great bookend to over a decade of incredibly well done storytelling and mastering of shared universes, great character development, and many All Time Classic Action films of the highest order. For anyone who has seen all thee Marvel Films up to this point, this is the ultimate reward.

Full of Action, the plot is much better. i love it so much.

Doctor doom should've showed up...

Perfect ending to the Infinity Saga in every sense of the word.

Such an amazing movie. Watched it many many times. Thank you to all involved.

One of the last ok movies from marvel.

This movie amaze me and made me cry at the end.

Y solo por la batalla final y efectos. Lo demás es nefasto, como si directores, guionistas y actores estuvieran cansados e hicieran una película: "como salga".

This is a perfect capstone for the golden age of marvel movies. The final fight scene of this film is the most epic battle scene in cinema history.

Avengers: Endgame was a pretty good movie. It is the sequel to Avengers: Infinity War. It takes place five years after the events of the previous avengers movie and the Avengers have now been shrunk down into a small resistance trying to keep the planet in check. However, once Scott Lang comes back from the Quantum Realm, the avengers band together in an attempt to bring back the rest of the universe. They succeed just before Thanos attacks. But then everyone comes back and destroys Thanos' army. It kills off Iron Man and Black Widow however, which is why I cannot rate this as high as I want.

O melhor filme da Marvel.

My Favorite Captain America Tribute to Chris Evans😍

Thank you Stan Lee, we'll miss you

Amazing fan service but I hate how after infinity war Thor is made into a joke. And I really hate Steves ending... Him leaving Bucky, Sam and the others behind is so out of the character I would rather that they killed him at the end as it was firstly planned.

Underwhelmed by this one. Disney really ruined Marvel.

Just perfect end of infinity saga

Masterpiece! Best Marvel movie ever.

This movie has the best scenes in the whole MCU. This movie is mixed with action, emotions, amazing visuals, and more. The ending/closure of the Original 6 was perfect. This is by far The Best MCU Film ever created along side with its predecessor Avengers: Infinity War.

When I imagined Endgame, I thought of a weaker Avengers team going against a full gauntlet Thanos. I did not expect smart Hulk and fat Thor. This movie had me questioning it's overall direction. I found myself halfway through the movie with little action compared to IW. Despite it's flaws (time travel plot hole) I still ended up loving this film. I believe it complements IW well and gets better with age. I could see fans ranking it better than IW ten years from now. It's the Empire Strikes Back of the MCU.

OMFT, aka OH MY FLIPPING TITS!!!! Where are the Russo bros at I need to kiss them really quick for this gem, RDJ as Iron Man , Chris Evens as Captain America and the GOAT Tom Holland AS SPIDER-MAN in the same movie?!?!? uh YES PLEASE!

Greatest movie of all time

I thought that it was a great ending for 3 phases of the MCU

This is one of the greatest movies of all time. The greatest finale to any saga that's ever existed. Hats off to you, Marvel. You did it.

The apex of comics in cinema.

Cine 🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬

Insane time travel sci fi movie with great ideas presented

Loved it. Cried. Amazing.

The perfect conclusion to the Infinity Saga, Endgame is perfectly balanced between storytelling and intense action.

It is also a crowd-pleaser with some emotional moments that will be remembered, a must-see!

The culmination of everything MCU! Masterfully acted, directed, and delivered! Thank you Marvel.

Avengers endgame action and adventure movie in the MCU and it was made in 2019. This movie starred Robert Downey jr, Chris Evans and so many more. This movie is full of excitement and never misses a beat. 

SPOILERS…Avengers Endgame is definitely one or the best movie ever made out of all the movies released. Here's a little overview of the movie, there's a team of superheroes that try to stop a threat. Everything goes wrong and they have to get stones to make everything better. By the end, everything goes back to the way it was at the beginning. There are some twisters in there but I don't want to give too much away. I really like this movie because it is action packed. There's nothing in here that makes the movie boring. I think lots of people will agree with me on this. It's the best movie ever released. It's one of the best reviewed movies on rotten tomatoes and well deserved. There are a couple deaths in the movie where I was like why would they kill them off. This movie has really good CGI, it looks like everything is real and there are really good fighting scenes. In my opinion Thanos has to be one of the worst villains in the MCU because he tries to take over the world over and over again, like a man just taking a break. The way that they killed Black Widow was so sad, they killed off one of the originals and one of the best. They should have killed off one of the new people that appeared in the MCU. I know her contract was coming to an end but I think it was not the best to do that.

How could the original Avatar, a movie about giant smurfs on a far-away planet which only got popular in China, beat this movie again in the all-time box office. Endgame is the biggest movie of all-time and it deserves to be on that #1 spot, not only because of the perfectness of this movie but because it's been in the works for 11 years. I can't wait for The Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars...

I think this is the perfect send off for every character. Final battle was unforgettable. Russo Brothers always succeed in MCU.

La mejor película de Marvel que he visto, la mejor película de super héroes, la mejor película basada en comics.

it takes all of the stories Marvel has told over its many years of production and puts them to work in an emotional story perfectly balanced between sadness and joy and with an ending that will make anyone leave with their eyes wet with tears.

The perfect ending to the best franchise

Just a small step down from Infinity War. The top 5 best MCU movies are (in no particular order): Infinity War, Endgame, Iron Man 1, Guardians 1 and Civil War.

Avengers: Endgame - Falling Short of Expectations

Regrettably, this installment of the Avengers franchise falls short. Despite my appreciation for the previous films and some enjoyable and humorous moments in this one, it fails to maintain the momentum of its predecessors. The story lacks the excitement and energy of the previous movies, and the dialogue is uninteresting, resulting in dull and tedious sequences.

The Avengers appear to be a clumsy and awkward group, posing for a photo like a bad high school reunion. However, I, like many others, have been a fan of the Avengers franchise for years, though this particular film did not meet my expectations.

The character of Captain Marvel, with her overwhelming powers, appears to be overdone and simplistic, with no real challenge or reason for her to lose a fight.

One may question whether a large collective of all the heroes was truly necessary. It seems that it was not.

Furthermore, certain scenes drag on for too long, adding nothing to the already thin plot. Additionally, the absence of Dr. Strange, who possessed a crucial aspect of the story, was disappointing, as he hardly had anything to say and made only a brief appearance.

One of the greatest movies all fucking time. This is one of the big reason I love the Marvel universe. Rest in piece Iron man love you 3,000,

truly the worst the mcu has to offer

I liked the big rasin head stone collecter, he beat up and smashed the robot man

Infinity war and Endgame are the best superhero movies ever made.

It's a great film and a great end to the saga. But I think it's overrated as ****. Without the other 22 films it's just okay. As an ending to a saga it's great, as a movie on it's one it's fine. Infinity War was better.

This Movie Ends the best times of my life with the most heart griping ending of all time with iron man dying a hero cap getting his dance with peggie and Nat sacrificing her self it felt like the MCU was at its peak and you feel like these actors friend even if you haven't met them yet what a family.

Pelicula exageradamente forzada para sus fans, los que no seguimos el UCM son tres horas aguantando efectos, ironias y no una buena trama

I saw this movie when was 9 (I'm 11) 
And I watched it like 15 times in the following years

One of my favorite movies of all time!

I give it an 8ish or so outta 10. I do not like the marvel films, but this one was good.

A few cringe moments, the Captain Marvel character should not have been in it, just cringe and didn't fit, I don't know who it was and there was no explanation given.

A better standalone film than other Marvel movies, as you don't have to watch 24 others to understand what is going on.

Very good, and ends the infinity saga perfectly

I love this movie more that I love my own parents.

An Epic Classic. Delivers an Awesome conclusion to the Infinity Saga.

O filme foi muito equilibrado, com a história, as cenas de ação, o humor dos personagens. Conseguiu ser bom em cada aspecto e nos surpreendendo com várias cenas onde o espectador não conseguia imaginar tal cena.
Realmente o filme é bem bacana e fez com que a MARVEL ficasse no topo do mundo cinematografico.

Avengers Endgame" is an epic conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga. The film's intricate storytelling, stunning visuals, and incredible action sequences provide an immersive experience for viewers. The outstanding performances by the cast, particularly Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans, add to the emotional depth of the film. Although the runtime is lengthy, the pacing is well-balanced, and the payoff is worth the wait. Overall, "Avengers Endgame" is a must-see for fans of the MCU and an excellent conclusion to an epic saga.

Great movie with some bad moments and voids in the narrative, but an exciting ending. Robert Downey Jr. will be missed!

A decent film although a let compared with the previous encounter (infinity war). Too long with not not enough plot to keep me engaged at times.  Some great CGI, although it did keep reminding me of Lord of the Rings sequences!  I also didn't;t care about Tony Stark or Scarlet Johannsen's characters not surviving...which says something about Marvel films in general I find! Good, but not great!

Avengers: Endgame closes the Infinity Saga with the most epic and emotionally impacting movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and manages to do this in three hours.

Rating: 96%

The best movie of the decade!! Even after being released, this is the one movie that I am able to go back and still get the feels as if I was watching for the first time in the theater. This movie doesn't even feel like 3 hours due to the story, the pace, and the edge of your seat action. Incredible movie and fan service. One of my all time favorite movies.

Loved infinity war and then to watch this movie I must say it was a let down. Good fight scene at very end but the rest of the movie was boring. This is for the mega marvel fans and children.

Have you seen the previous 21 films in this franchise? You will feel rewarded for watching the finale. But, it doesn't stand on its own. You need to have seen most of the previous films. Scenes drag on while the film feels rushed. Characters betray their motivations from stand alone film adaptations. The now mandatory ugly CGI 3rd act fight that all Disney MCU films have is a dull, lifeless sequence of "Hey! Remember this character?" The ending is well done and pays homage to the early days of the MCU, but you had to drink the sludge that was most of this plot to get there. Worth it? Depends how much you love this franchise.

I think it is the best movie of marvel, cannot wait for the next one to come out

Mediocre experience. I'm sure Marvel fans will love it though.

Not very good over all. Cool battle but no actual story

Mind-blowing movie! This movie is the king of marvel movies, shows, shorts, etc. The amazing plot and long runtime makes for the best piece of marvel content ever made.

Le film est génial malgré l'idée du voyage dans le temps qui rajoute une facilité scénaristique.

Sensacional!!
No último filme dava pra sentir a tristeza dos personagens e nesse as consequências são mostradas do jeito certo. A dor de cada um, o lutos 
e a esperança... Tudo isso sendo jogado nas nossas caras. fora que como no outro filme a batalha final nesse não tem mais um peso tão grande, mas, a vontade de não deixar o que aconteceu se repetir fez a experiência de quem assistiu a esse filme ser incrível. Ver como mesmo tendo consertado tudo eles ainda vão atrás da vingança para honrar o nome... AVENGERS!!!

Iron Man accepting the end and sacrifyng for everything has his weight, remember that he was all the contrary in Iron Man, so this is the result of his growth as character.  And he has the best things of the movie, the fact that he has a son shows how really the tima has passed in that 5 years. Being the only one who did not get involved in Thanos' tragedy, he feels the pain of having lost so many, but decides to move on, not out of cowardice, but to accept a sad fate, which despite this, risked bringing them back. with Scott's idea.
The scene that meet his father, even we didn't know that relationship, it's nice and Tone looks really happy with that, How they both talk about fatherhood and how Tony teaches his father about it makes it even more special, also showing us how his vision of his father has changed when he saw that he raised him in the best way he could, despite sometimes being someone tough
Seriously, why you show that Steve left Peggy in the past if in the end he will be back. I understand, the end represents the character finally recovering the past, but the first movies of Captain America, The First Avneger and The Winther Solider: They showed us that the past cannot be recovered and they emphasized that tragedy of the character, that now he can return with Peggy, it simply reduces this arc of the character that was built for years.
Thor is a comic relief from his third installment, he doesn't have much to contribute, however it is a consequence of what Thanos did to people, leaving Thor completely defeated.
I understand the concept, but it is executed in a very poor way, yes, it is exact with Thor Ragnarok, but not with the previous films that brought Thor as a more mature character, stoic although funny at times, they could have treated him as a subject who lost hope having seen all the tragedy of his people, surrendered perhaps meditating, or even dedicating himself to killing beasts on earth in a desperate search to find a purpose.
Thanos was totally replaced by another villain, he, but from 2014
This movie was planned as an event, but just the beginning ruined part of the moview for me, why did you killed Thanos at the principle after anticipating him for more of 10 years and introduce a new villain in seconds?
It may be the same character, but it is not, it has the memories introduced in a terrible way, but not the experience of the other character, it feels like a rushed clone, they change their motivation in seconds, losing everything built in Infinity War
The other character doesn't have an special argument and even the trama contradicts part of their growth in the anterior movies.
The time travel has it's problems, they explain one thing by Bruce Banner, but we can see other when Steve Rogers returns to the present.
In conclusion, Avengers Endgame doesn't look like an Endgame... And it didn't have to be, I know some people wouldn't like it because they're only interested in the excitement of a franchise, but it could easily have been more artistic, which is what Marvel is looking for right now, if the end had been to accept the loss of all those people, giving more weight to the snap and the defeat of the avengers, as well as that things cannot always be avenged. Sometimes tragedies are inevitable, there are wounds that cannot heal.

even though I liked this movie it had some bad parts like the 1st hour of the movie was all about going back in time and getting the stones I didn't like that part while some did. the last 2 hours of the movie was the action I liked the action but they killed one of my favorite characters Iron-Man

Il miglior film sugli Avengers. Un grande scontro finale reso magnificamente e vari momenti molto commoventi rendono la pellicola indimenticabile per qualsiasi fan e credo anche per chi non apprezzi troppo i film sui supereroi.

what a ending to a decade long adventure. Absolutely love it! That portal scene still gives me goosebumps.

Price less words for it a haven for marvels fan

Absolutely Amazing! Great fight scene and one that will go down in history!

Yup - I like this https://uberscaryblog.blogspot.com/2022/10/i-love-you-3000.html

EPICA ! eso es end game para mi, que si tiene sus errores pero es tan épica ,única y en  el cine fue tan brutal que fue un fresco baldado de emociones como fanatico.

One of the best collective comic book movies ever!!!

A bit too long but great film.

Poderia ser um final melhor para a saga das jóias do infinito já que o roteiro tinha mais furos que um queijo suíço, e como sempre o vilão vira protagonista nos filmes da Marvel, mas também é difícil não gostar do Thanos e da atuação do Josh Brolin, é um filme bom, mas merecia um roteiro mais bem polido e sem furos.

Spiderman 2 set the bar real high.

This movie is good for the action and the characters but there is a lot of stuff that is wrong with this movie such as iron man died, Natasha died, captain America died, hulk ruined, captain American picks up Thor’s hammer witch gives away the point of Thor’s character.

Vingadores ultimato é um filme incrível,a história do filme é boa,o elenco do filme é muito bom 

O final do filme é incrível,os efeitos especias são incríveis,a batalha contra o Thanos é muito boa

Em geral filme é muito bom

Second best MCU film.

The showdown of the Century! This is what patience, endurance, and a well-scripted plotline that moved throughout decades, that fell in so perfectly well! A brilliant masterpiece for the showdown of the millennium!

This movie is good for the action and the characters, but there's a lot of stuff wrong with this movie such as iron man died, Natasha died, captain America picked up Thor's hammer which gives away the the point of the Thor character, hulk ruined, and captain America gone.

The last okay marvel film. Crazy that there writing teams have 0 skill and ambition

This movie got me into marvel and also I have a lot of memories from this movie and 5 out of 10 movies of my top ten are marvel 98/100 the only thing I didn't like was that they didn't show anyone coming back.

Great movie by far in the MCU

Bad movie, it had too much CGI and fanservice.

Not my cup of tea. I think these types of movies are made for kids and kids at heart.

Very emotional for me to watch at the end but great movie 🥹👍🏾

Avengers: End game is a 2019 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios and directed by Anthony and Joe Russo. The film is an exceptional movie that delivers a truly epic conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film's storyline is both emotional and action- packed, with several memorable moments that have become iconic in the MCU. It also does an excellent job of bringing all of the superheroes together all the different plot threads and character arcs from the previous Marvel films to fight again the evil who is Thanos and his group providing a satisfying conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga.
One of the most impressive things about this film is how it balances humor and heart and this film has lots of comedic moments but also explores deeper themes of loss, sacrifice, and family. Moreover, the film is stunning with some of the most impressive action sequences ever seen in a superhero movie. The special effect are top-notch, and the use of music, lighting and sound design creats a truly immersive experience.
Overall, Avengers: End Game is a masterpiece of a film that successfully brings MCU's first saga to a close. It's a must-watch for fans of superheroes movies and MCU.

Good but overrated :)

an epic conclusion to an epic saga.

This movie was an absolute gift to all marvel fans with a multitude of call backs and Easter eggs. Somehow balances all of the characters surprisingly well. It's such a fun ride with many natural laughs yet has serious and sad tones throughout. I don't know if marvel will ever be able to top this movie…

A bechmark in comic movies adaptation, with epic and memorable heart warming moments, even though the plot it is completely predictable, it has a female empowerment cheesy moment in the third act, and Thanos character it is ruined, Avengers Endgame it is a satisfying conclusion of well constructed cinematic universe.

I'm not gonna lie and say it's not good but just a teensy bit overrated compared to infinity war this movie is fan service for the Sega fan service which isn't bad but I don't think it's at the same level as some of the other marvel movies still it's a real blast and have some really great jokes on the edge of 79 and 80s for me
7/10

As a movie, it is imperfect. Humor undercutting what should be the heaviness of a 5 year depression, loss, and suffering is hugely unappreciated. Some of the story choices were odd and performances were odd because of them, but that is more subjective. But It doesn't matter, I don't treat this as a movie, I treat it as 3 hours of fun completing the Infinity Saga of Marvel movies, and it achieves that, so 10/10 personally.

This movie represents how a saga should end.  Many characters given a heroic or satisfying send-off.  I don't know how someone could dislike this movie.

"Avengers: Endgame" (2019) is the final film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga, and it brings to a close the storylines of many of the franchise's most beloved characters. The film takes the audience on a journey through time and space, as the surviving Avengers attempt to restore order to the universe and defeat the evil Thanos.

The themes of sacrifice, friendship, and the power of hope are at the forefront of the film, and the filmmakers handle these themes with the care and respect that the characters and their arcs deserve. The tone of the film is grandiose and epic, with moments of levity and humor to balance the film's more serious moments.

The acting is, as always, superb, with standout performances from the entire cast. Robert Downey Jr. brings a sense of closure to his decade-long portrayal of Tony Stark, while Chris Evans delivers a powerful farewell to his character Steve Rogers. The characters are well-developed and, for fans of the franchise, it is a treat to see so many of them on-screen together.

The direction is top-notch, with the Russo brothers delivering some truly awe-inspiring action sequences that will have you on the edge of your seat. The score is fitting and emotive, adding to the film's overall sense of grandeur and importance. The cinematography is stunning, capturing the scope and scale of the film's epic battles and locations.

The production design is outstanding, with each set piece and location looking like they have been lifted straight from the pages of a comic book. The special effects are, as always, state-of-the-art, and the film's final battle is a visual feast. The editing is smooth, keeping the film's pace moving at a breakneck speed, while the dialog is sharp and witty.

Overall, "Avengers: Endgame" is a fitting conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga and a love letter to fans of the franchise. It is a film that will leave audiences feeling satisfied and emotional, and it is a testament to the power of the superhero genre to tell compelling and emotionally resonant stories. This movie is exceptional and a truly unforgettable experience.

Literally the best movie ever

Good ending to an epic adventure.

Awesome!!! One of the best movies ever

"Avengers: Endgame" is a phenomenal conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's epic Infinity Saga. The movie perfectly combines high-stakes action with emotional character moments to create a satisfying and thrilling experience for fans of the franchise.

One of the biggest strengths of the film is its incredible cast, who bring their A-game in portraying beloved characters such as Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and the rest of the Avengers. Their performances are both heartwarming and heart-wrenching, especially as they navigate the aftermath of the events of "Avengers: Infinity War".

The pacing of the film is also masterful, as it manages to balance its intense action sequences with quieter character moments that give the audience a chance to catch their breath and reflect on what's happening. The story itself is also well-crafted, with plenty of surprises and unexpected twists that keep the audience engaged and guessing until the very end.

Additionally, the movie's visual effects are stunning, with impressive action scenes that feel truly epic in scale. The final battle in particular is a visual feast that will leave fans cheering.

Overall, "Avengers: Endgame" is a triumphant conclusion to a decade of Marvel storytelling. It offers closure and resolution for beloved characters while also setting the stage for the next phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. With its great cast, thrilling action, and emotional storytelling, it's a must-see for fans of the franchise and a testament to the power of superhero movies.

No what would have been even more perfect. If marvel ended with endgame !

Part two of two. The end of an era. The climatic finale to the renowned Infinity Saga.

Living in despair after 5 years of the disappearances of half the universe, hope arrives in the form of ant...man. A time travel heist to with a tragic end.

The final battle is so epic, the big three Iron-Man, Cap, and fat Thor vs Thanos. Then a big rumble at the end.

The perfect end for the infinity saga. The last hour was probably the best hour of any movie ever.

Avengers Endgame is just a masterpiece at this point.

Avengers Endgame is a fabulous movie, it's visually breathtaking, the plot is intense and interesting, and it's everything I have grown to expect from a Marvel movie. I took off half a star because of the ending.

Mein ultimativer Lieblingsfilm aller Zeiten. Das beste Finale was ich jemals gesehen habe und der beste Abschluss aller Zeiten. Kann der Film für sich alleine stehen funktioniert er alleine nein ist der als zusammenhängender Film genial dass es untertrieben er ist ein gigantisches Meisterwerk. Das war das beste Kinoerlebnis meines Lebens

this will really be my highest crossing film over avatar, cant wait that secret wars will top this too

I think that this is a good movie , a long movie but impacts so many phase 4 projects. I feel like Marvel did great at this movie. The main 6 avengers are really good in this movie but it is sad that this movie was the last time seeing them all together. Overall a great movie. -9/10

Op movie #my best movie

Fantastic movie! If you like action, humor and fun. This is it!

ESTE E O MELHOR FILME QUE EU JA VI

Obviously this movie isn’t good, dummies

We get plenty of closure, a stunning final battle that highlights every character, and some fun/funny downtime. A quality ending.

Avengers Endgame is an amazing way to end a universe of movie in an easy and suspenseful way. To any Marvel or Comic book fan this is a once in a lifetime thriller.

Movie worth watching. It has full of hype which definitely makes you feel exciting while watching the movie.

Most of the characters didn't have enough screen time even if the movie was longer than the others. Still, it was a great ending to the Marvel phase 3.

it was meh. i feel like it works for people who already knew or cared about the characters, but since i didn't know Marvel too well and had only seen a few of them, i couldn't really feel drawn to watch any longer

Um ótimo filme mais que eu acho que não é o do mundo já que tem um pontos soltos mais fora a isso e ótimo

I couldn't ever think that this film is emotionally impactful and ended beautifully in Infinity Saga. Avengers: Endgame is one of the best MCU movies that symbolizes the 11 year journey of our favorite heroes that are reached to their conclusion of each of their arc. Forever be cherished by future generations.

There was no way they could have thought of a better ending for the OG cast and this movie has the best final fight I have ever seen.

With a runtime of 3-hour and 1 min long, Endgame marks the final chapter of the Infinity Saga in the MCU, to which the Avengers pitted against Thanos. Although this is very exciting to finally see some characters bringing back altogether for an epic final battle ever since Infinity War.

I preferred Infinity War but it's great

MELHOR FILME Q JÁ VI DEMAIS FANTASTICO !!!!

It was perfect. Perfect. Down to the last peace

Absolutely amazing experience of action, drama, emotion and subtle comedy.
Jaw dropping effects and the best villain in modern movies.

I guess it helped me feel less bad about ordering McDonald's late at night even though I'm 30 pounds overweight, so that's worth something. The plot devices in this movie could have been created and executed by 10-year-old me, so I can't say I'm impressed, people in Hollywood poop on the floor so I guess I shouldn't expect much. I got really mad when Captain White Man closed the door on the Audi by the glass, that was my breaking point; if the actor made enough money to even be able to afford the Audi he might know, but he's poopoo so, again, shouldn't expect much i guess.

I absolutely love this movie the whole sc-fi aspect is just great. Yes it has flaws but I still love it so much. Please please see this and infinty war.

Enough, why was this movie so successful, Marvel has much better movies than it, the movie is just long and feels winded.  The best thing about this movie is that the movie combined 10 years in one movie, but the movie is not as good as they say.

One of the best movies of all time 👌

There is not without a doubt that Avengers Endgame is the greatest ending to any series, the greatest superhero movie of all time, and definitely Top 5 movies in cinematic history to ever exist. It is so far above the movie Avatar in emotion and spectacle that it puts it to disgrace. And no matter how many times James Cameron releases it just to be ahead of Avengers Endgame in the box office this will still be to the fans the greatest movie ever made. Ending the story arcs of the characters perfectly from Iron Mans sacrifice to Cap living with Peggy in the end. Marvel truly does whatever it takes and reminds us why the superhero genre surpasses any other

The best visual effects ever made in a movie!

WOW! What a movie. Absolute Perfection. The acting is unbelievable and story plot is incredible. I must say I didn't expect the ending! 
You HAVE to watch it!

Hands down best movie...AVENGERS ASSEMBLE

fat thor and smart hulk was stupid, but I liked the movie altogether

Certainly more than a satisfying end to one of the greatest myth arcs in film history. Superb action, characterization, visuals, story, drama, humor and plenty for fans to enjoy.

Avengers endgame was a very emotional movie and a good ending to a saga.
It had the vibe ,the fun and a really great cast.
One of the best movies ever, 94/100(good rotten tomatoes score)

How does this film rate 90%!!!

I fell asleep twice. I love super hero films but this is slow boring and lacks good writing or story telling. Waste of time!

This is an epic an amazing conclusion to the Infinity saga.

carta de amor pros fans que fala ne ? perfeito

Some scenes could have been cut out and the humor was a bit over the top for me in what should've been a more serious and dark film given the stakes. But everything else was knocked out of the park. Pretty much the entire 3rd act/last hour saves it right when Black Widow and Hawkeye get to Vormir. From that point on it's near perfect Marvel material. Emotionally and action-wise with our favorite heroes, THIS is what the fans have been waiting for going on 11 years. I left the theater twice satisfied.

Just one thing to say, this movie completely delivers on everyone's expectations and justifies the hype around it.

A grand culmination of years worth of films...and it paid it off very well. I love it in the theater and have enjoyed it even more after subsequent viewings. Top 3 MCU for me.

Not as good as infinity war but a satisfying end, plus captain marvel has a limited appearance. However during the big fight scene at the end, all the women characters magically find each other in the same place just ruined the magic of the scene and I'm pretty sure those around me hm could hear my eyes roll.

An epic colmonative Cinematic achievement, Avengers endgame is a dream come true for super hero fans all over the world. The film manages to be a trip down memory lane, successfully tying up ten years of the MCU, while also looking forward to new possibilities! Excellent storytelling and action mixed with incredible performances and amazing moments make this a crowning glory for the MCU!

Roteiro extremamente fraco

On first watch it's great. A fitting end to the saga and love letter to MCU fans. Endgame references almost every other film that predates it and is a satisfying conclusion for its characters and their struggle. That said it does not hold up well on its own. Most of the film is actually pretty boring, the action cuts away far too much and it isn't quite as epic as it seems. With literally half a universe at stake you'd expect a showdown greater than the scale we were given.

Se queda por debajo de infinity war pero la pelicula es una verdadera joya que disfrutas de principio a fin, amo esta pelicula y ya perdi la cuenta de cuanta veces la he visto, sin duda yo le doy un 1000/100

Stopped watching after the time travel solution. Ridiculous.

This was very good, although it signifies the beginning of the end for the MCU, it's all down hill from here.

Tony died because Doctor Strange saved his life.

The culmination of my childhood. Such a powerful movie. Changed my life

Perfect conclusion to an unforgettable franchise. Everything was amazing, writing, CGI, directing, acting, action, story.

Endgame has something extra special in my heart. Because I remember back in years going to the movie theater with the crowd. they were screaming, yelling, and clapping their hands. It's one of the best theatrical experiences in my life.

Still so enjoyable to watch after all these years.

The best movie I've seen! Amazing

by far the best Avengers movie

The plot may be basic. But the movie still delivers an epic conclusion to the Infinity Saga.

The hype and buildup to this film was nothing like I've ever seen, and it did not disappoint. The film has many satisfying payoffs and moments that were years in the making. It also served as a perfect sendoff to characters that have been there since the beginning. This was the MCU at it's absolute peak, and I'm not sure it can be matched again.

Infinity war was so much better in my opinion this one just didnt hit the spot. lackluster cgi

Emocionante, empolcante, e extremamente emocional, vingadores: ultimato consegue finalizar a saga do infinito da melhor maineira possivel na história

If I had to wait another 10 years for this masterpiece I would do it in a heartbeat beat! Absolutely no movie can top this one

Simply the best Marvel movie.

The perfect ending to the perfect comic book movie saga. I know they'll keep making marvel movies, but lets face, it's all downhill from here folks.

i love you3000 ( add Some more 0 In There)...

I can't say it is better than Infinity war but this movie shows a really well-planned and well-executed climax of a saga that will remain as a memorable piece.

Exciting, entertaining, and emotionally impactful, Avengers: Endgame does whatever it takes to deliver a satisfying finale to Marvel's epic Infinity Saga.

everything you couldve ever wanted from an avengers movie

It can be hard to follow the story at times, but Avengers: Endgame does Whatever It Takes to be a hard-hitting, emotional and epic conclusion to the 11 year-old Infinity Saga.

Very cool movie would recommend

Endgame does indeed have a really solid final act, featuring some stellar and complex CGI, intricate blocking and an emotional gut-punch.  However, Endgame is also 3 full hours long, and because the movie opens up with Thanos being killed and his power being unable to be reversed, and thus, it turns into a Time Travel/Paradox film.  This in itself isn't a problem, beyond the fact that it opens up by having our heroes IMMEDIATELY accomplish what they couldn't do throughout the ENTIRE previous film (with twice as many of them!), but this also results in the film spending 2 hours just screwing around.  It creates logical fallacy after logical fallacy, and doesn't even do the slightest to try to repair them, making anyone paying even the slightest attention to the logistics a massive headache.  What's worse is that ALL of these logical fallacies that the film just dumps onto the audience with reckless abandon are SOLELY done to generate laughs.  This is not just involving the cross of their own time-streams, but things like Past Thanos discovering Earth's plan to stop him ~5 years in the past.... only to have him opt to wait to the present day to attack Earth..  Lastly, while I actually dig the spirit of the female-hero moment, I think it would've worked a lot better if it didn't open up with all of them lining up, knowing that they had a moment to shine.  Seriously, I just imagine all of the female heroes fighting, and then being like "Oh wait wait - stop fighting, our moment's coming up -- Quick, get in position!"  However, the movie isn't exactly a loss, and like I said, the final act is engaging and catharsis, at least for the most part.  And watching Thanos punch a....certain someone clean across the battlefield was just awesome!  I could watch that bit all day!  Seriously though, there's actually quite a good movie in Endgame - it's just buried in literal hours of filler that only act to make the story contradictory with itself, which is sad because these annoyances were not needed whatsoever.

the popcorn i had was yummy

A fitting, if uninspired, conclusion to this two-film epic.  The same Marvel magic is here as always, manifest in snappy dialogue and dump truck loads of CGI.  But the plot suffers from sentimentality, a time travel plot device that feels like a copout, and an appearance by an overpowered Capt Marvel that feels like a dues ex machina.  Fans will appreciate it, others will grow weary by the end.

I can’t believe that they killed Hulk

"| Ratings Categories |
{Characters (9/10) ; Cinematography (9.5/10) ; Plot (9/10) ; Acting (9.5/10) ; Pacing (9.5/10) = 93%}"

its a incredable and very emotional 2 part of the end of infinity saga the characters are incredably written and directors (Russo brothers) directed theyre asses off

Pena que estragaram o Hulk

Not a fan of this saga and the ending is more of the same mindless fighting scenes and this time emotionally failing drama.

Best of Movies/TV Series Collection

Thanos was innevitable. The heroes had to cheat. Excelent end even with some mistakes like Thor and Hulk and the totally unsalty Captain Marvel

This film gave me the best movie experience of my life I remember 4/26/19 like it was yesterday all the crowd reactions & the satisfaction I got seeing the end of the Infinity Saga. While Infinity War is still better this film is still amazing if you have watched every MCU movie before this it's a must watch since all the fan service & easter eggs you see through out the movie elevate it. I find it interesting how the snap is something that affected everyone in the MCU no character was safe from it they have been affected by it in some way which is awesome. & this film isn't just fanservice it also gives amazing character moments like Thor getting depressed after the Avengers lost to Thanos in Infinity War he doesn't easily just lose all the fat & is back in peak shape he keeps doubting himself & feeling like he isn't worthy since he could have stopped Thanos if he aimed for the head at the end of Infinity War so when he is given the opportunity to fix things he helps out but still doubts himself luckily he gets to go back to 2013 & talk with his mom who tells Thor it isn't his fault for what happened & That "The Measure of success of a person or a hero is how well they succeed at who they are" & too make sure of this Thor reaches out & is so happy that his iconic hammer comes to him proving he is still worthy which repairs his self esteem. Another moment I loved was Tony meeting his father again since this time he knows his father did love him with hindsight so getting the chance to meet him again before his death must have been great for him since he did say in Civil War that not getting more time with his father is one of his biggest regrets. While the finale might be a big dumb CGI war that's a mess it did give us a great conclusion for Tony he sacrifices himself to save the Universe & having everyone tell him that he can finally rest knowing that Thanos is gone & everyone he cares about is safe kneeling in front of him during his final moments were beautiful I swore I could imagine he was hearing Yinsen's words in his head from Iron Man "Don't waste your life, Stark" before passing away.

Epic scale...part two does pay off

Marvel Messed it up in the end. The scene of the women saving spiderman was cringe. Also how do you go from a PA to a warrior ?

The end of the MCU Thanos storyline is entertaining but has issues that keeps it from matching its predecessor Infinity War. The most annoying thing to me is the stupid Fat Thor gag which went on way past the point it was funny, and the Captain America ending which went against everything Steve ever stood for.

La ame de principio a fin

filme foda para caralho, o roteiro é foda, gostei da construção e dos lugares onde os vingadores pegando as joias do infinito para desfazer o que o thanos tem feito, achei que deveria o arqueiro ter morrido, mas ok, achei muito foda que a batalha entre thor, capitão america e o homem de ferro vs o thanos, e a batalha final dos vingadores vs o exercito do thanos vs foda pra caralho, uma das melhores cenas da marvel, foi quando o homem de ferro pega as joias do infinito e coloca em seu braço e fala para o thanos, eu sou o homem de ferro se sacrificando pelo mundo, as cenas de ação foi excelentes, e o elenco é mais excelente ainda, a cena perto final do velório do homem de ferro é excelente e um cena triste para a marvel, o final do filme foi um
final foda, os vingadores venceram o thanos,agora o bem venceu. esse filme eu recomendo pra caralho, o melhor filme que a marvel já fez.
mas eu falo, eles voltaram para o guerra secretas.

Great, Amazing!! Didn't like what they did with the Thor character but still it was a great ending to the Avengers saga.

Worst of the avengers films so far. first 2hrs are really slow and boring. It was really dragged out to fill the time out. Those 2hrs should have been condensed into 1hr 20mins. Then the last hour the directors decided to kick the film into overdrive and really speeded the film up. But, the last hour doesn't make up for the really bad first 2hrs. Which made me fall asleep briefly 4 TIMES!!

It was okay, but the last Avengers was a better movie.

The MCU reached a pinnacle with Avengers: Infinity War, and while Endgame could not match Infinity War, it was a satisfactory and satisfying ending to a usually compelling, decade-long story.

Endgame does indeed have a really solid final act, featuring some stellar and complex CGI, intricate blocking and an emotional gut-punch.  However, Endgame is also 3 full hours long, and because the movie opens up with Thanos being killed and his power being unable to be reversed, and thus, it turns into a Time Travel/Paradox film.  This in itself isn't a problem, beyond the fact that it opens up by having our heroes IMMEDIATELY accomplish what they couldn't do throughout the ENTIRE previous film (with twice as many of them!), but this also results in the film spending 2 hours just screwing around.  It creates logical fallacy after logical fallacy, and doesn't even do the slightest to try to repair them, making anyone paying even the slightest attention to the logistics a massive headache.  What's worse is that ALL of these logical fallacies that the film just dumps onto the audience with reckless abandon are SOLELY done to generate laughs.  This is not just involving the cross of their own time-streams, but things like Past Thanos discovering Earth's plan to stop him ~5 years in the past.... only to have him opt to wait to the present day to attack Earth..  Lastly, while I actually dig the spirit of the female-hero moment, I think it would've worked a lot better if it didn't open up with all of them lining up, knowing that they had a moment to shine.  Seriously, I just imagine all of the female heroes fighting, and then being like "Oh wait wait - stop fighting, our moment's coming up -- Quick, get in position!"  However, the movie isn't exactly a loss, and like I said, the final act is engaging and catharsis, at least for the most part.  And watching Thanos punch a....certain someone clean across the battlefield was just awesome!  I could watch that bit all day!  Seriously though, there's actually quite a good movie in Endgame - it's just buried in literal hours of filler that only act to make the story contradictory with itself, which is sad because these annoyances were not needed whatsoever.

the popcorn i had was yummy

A fitting, if uninspired, conclusion to this two-film epic.  The same Marvel magic is here as always, manifest in snappy dialogue and dump truck loads of CGI.  But the plot suffers from sentimentality, a time travel plot device that feels like a copout, and an appearance by an overpowered Capt Marvel that feels like a dues ex machina.  Fans will appreciate it, others will grow weary by the end.

I can’t believe that they killed Hulk

"| Ratings Categories |
{Characters (9/10) ; Cinematography (9.5/10) ; Plot (9/10) ; Acting (9.5/10) ; Pacing (9.5/10) = 93%}"

its a incredable and very emotional 2 part of the end of infinity saga the characters are incredably written and directors (Russo brothers) directed theyre asses off

Pena que estragaram o Hulk

Not a fan of this saga and the ending is more of the same mindless fighting scenes and this time emotionally failing drama.

Best of Movies/TV Series Collection

Thanos was innevitable. The heroes had to cheat. Excelent end even with some mistakes like Thor and Hulk and the totally unsalty Captain Marvel

This film gave me the best movie experience of my life I remember 4/26/19 like it was yesterday all the crowd reactions & the satisfaction I got seeing the end of the Infinity Saga. While Infinity War is still better this film is still amazing if you have watched every MCU movie before this it's a must watch since all the fan service & easter eggs you see through out the movie elevate it. I find it interesting how the snap is something that affected everyone in the MCU no character was safe from it they have been affected by it in some way which is awesome. & this film isn't just fanservice it also gives amazing character moments like Thor getting depressed after the Avengers lost to Thanos in Infinity War he doesn't easily just lose all the fat & is back in peak shape he keeps doubting himself & feeling like he isn't worthy since he could have stopped Thanos if he aimed for the head at the end of Infinity War so when he is given the opportunity to fix things he helps out but still doubts himself luckily he gets to go back to 2013 & talk with his mom who tells Thor it isn't his fault for what happened & That "The Measure of success of a person or a hero is how well they succeed at who they are" & too make sure of this Thor reaches out & is so happy that his iconic hammer comes to him proving he is still worthy which repairs his self esteem. Another moment I loved was Tony meeting his father again since this time he knows his father did love him with hindsight so getting the chance to meet him again before his death must have been great for him since he did say in Civil War that not getting more time with his father is one of his biggest regrets. While the finale might be a big dumb CGI war that's a mess it did give us a great conclusion for Tony he sacrifices himself to save the Universe & having everyone tell him that he can finally rest knowing that Thanos is gone & everyone he cares about is safe kneeling in front of him during his final moments were beautiful I swore I could imagine he was hearing Yinsen's words in his head from Iron Man "Don't waste your life, Stark" before passing away.

Epic scale...part two does pay off

Marvel Messed it up in the end. The scene of the women saving spiderman was cringe. Also how do you go from a PA to a warrior ?

The end of the MCU Thanos storyline is entertaining but has issues that keeps it from matching its predecessor Infinity War. The most annoying thing to me is the stupid Fat Thor gag which went on way past the point it was funny, and the Captain America ending which went against everything Steve ever stood for.

La ame de principio a fin

filme foda para caralho, o roteiro é foda, gostei da construção e dos lugares onde os vingadores pegando as joias do infinito para desfazer o que o thanos tem feito, achei que deveria o arqueiro ter morrido, mas ok, achei muito foda que a batalha entre thor, capitão america e o homem de ferro vs o thanos, e a batalha final dos vingadores vs o exercito do thanos vs foda pra caralho, uma das melhores cenas da marvel, foi quando o homem de ferro pega as joias do infinito e coloca em seu braço e fala para o thanos, eu sou o homem de ferro se sacrificando pelo mundo, as cenas de ação foi excelentes, e o elenco é mais excelente ainda, a cena perto final do velório do homem de ferro é excelente e um cena triste para a marvel, o final do filme foi um
final foda, os vingadores venceram o thanos,agora o bem venceu. esse filme eu recomendo pra caralho, o melhor filme que a marvel já fez.
mas eu falo, eles voltaram para o guerra secretas.

Great, Amazing!! Didn't like what they did with the Thor character but still it was a great ending to the Avengers saga.

Worst of the avengers films so far. first 2hrs are really slow and boring. It was really dragged out to fill the time out. Those 2hrs should have been condensed into 1hr 20mins. Then the last hour the directors decided to kick the film into overdrive and really speeded the film up. But, the last hour doesn't make up for the really bad first 2hrs. Which made me fall asleep briefly 4 TIMES!!

It was okay, but the last Avengers was a better movie.

The MCU reached a pinnacle with Avengers: Infinity War, and while Endgame could not match Infinity War, it was a satisfactory and satisfying ending to a usually compelling, decade-long story.

Endgame does indeed have a really solid final act, featuring some stellar and complex CGI, intricate blocking and an emotional gut-punch.  However, Endgame is also 3 full hours long, and because the movie opens up with Thanos being killed and his power being unable to be reversed, and thus, it turns into a Time Travel/Paradox film.  This in itself isn't a problem, beyond the fact that it opens up by having our heroes IMMEDIATELY accomplish what they couldn't do throughout the ENTIRE previous film (with twice as many of them!), but this also results in the film spending 2 hours just screwing around.  It creates logical fallacy after logical fallacy, and doesn't even do the slightest to try to repair them, making anyone paying even the slightest attention to the logistics a massive headache.  What's worse is that ALL of these logical fallacies that the film just dumps onto the audience with reckless abandon are SOLELY done to generate laughs.  This is not just involving the cross of their own time-streams, but things like Past Thanos discovering Earth's plan to stop him ~5 years in the past.... only to have him opt to wait to the present day to attack Earth..  Lastly, while I actually dig the spirit of the female-hero moment, I think it would've worked a lot better if it didn't open up with all of them lining up, knowing that they had a moment to shine.  Seriously, I just imagine all of the female heroes fighting, and then being like "Oh wait wait - stop fighting, our moment's coming up -- Quick, get in position!"  However, the movie isn't exactly a loss, and like I said, the final act is engaging and catharsis, at least for the most part.  And watching Thanos punch a....certain someone clean across the battlefield was just awesome!  I could watch that bit all day!  Seriously though, there's actually quite a good movie in Endgame - it's just buried in literal hours of filler that only act to make the story contradictory with itself, which is sad because these annoyances were not needed whatsoever.

the popcorn i had was yummy

A fitting, if uninspired, conclusion to this two-film epic.  The same Marvel magic is here as always, manifest in snappy dialogue and dump truck loads of CGI.  But the plot suffers from sentimentality, a time travel plot device that feels like a copout, and an appearance by an overpowered Capt Marvel that feels like a dues ex machina.  Fans will appreciate it, others will grow weary by the end.

I can’t believe that they killed Hulk

"| Ratings Categories |
{Characters (9/10) ; Cinematography (9.5/10) ; Plot (9/10) ; Acting (9.5/10) ; Pacing (9.5/10) = 93%}"

its a incredable and very emotional 2 part of the end of infinity saga the characters are incredably written and directors (Russo brothers) directed theyre asses off

Pena que estragaram o Hulk

Not a fan of this saga and the ending is more of the same mindless fighting scenes and this time emotionally failing drama.

Best of Movies/TV Series Collection

Thanos was innevitable. The heroes had to cheat. Excelent end even with some mistakes like Thor and Hulk and the totally unsalty Captain Marvel

This film gave me the best movie experience of my life I remember 4/26/19 like it was yesterday all the crowd reactions & the satisfaction I got seeing the end of the Infinity Saga. While Infinity War is still better this film is still amazing if you have watched every MCU movie before this it's a must watch since all the fan service & easter eggs you see through out the movie elevate it. I find it interesting how the snap is something that affected everyone in the MCU no character was safe from it they have been affected by it in some way which is awesome. & this film isn't just fanservice it also gives amazing character moments like Thor getting depressed after the Avengers lost to Thanos in Infinity War he doesn't easily just lose all the fat & is back in peak shape he keeps doubting himself & feeling like he isn't worthy since he could have stopped Thanos if he aimed for the head at the end of Infinity War so when he is given the opportunity to fix things he helps out but still doubts himself luckily he gets to go back to 2013 & talk with his mom who tells Thor it isn't his fault for what happened & That "The Measure of success of a person or a hero is how well they succeed at who they are" & too make sure of this Thor reaches out & is so happy that his iconic hammer comes to him proving he is still worthy which repairs his self esteem. Another moment I loved was Tony meeting his father again since this time he knows his father did love him with hindsight so getting the chance to meet him again before his death must have been great for him since he did say in Civil War that not getting more time with his father is one of his biggest regrets. While the finale might be a big dumb CGI war that's a mess it did give us a great conclusion for Tony he sacrifices himself to save the Universe & having everyone tell him that he can finally rest knowing that Thanos is gone & everyone he cares about is safe kneeling in front of him during his final moments were beautiful I swore I could imagine he was hearing Yinsen's words in his head from Iron Man "Don't waste your life, Stark" before passing away.

Epic scale...part two does pay off

Marvel Messed it up in the end. The scene of the women saving spiderman was cringe. Also how do you go from a PA to a warrior ?

The end of the MCU Thanos storyline is entertaining but has issues that keeps it from matching its predecessor Infinity War. The most annoying thing to me is the stupid Fat Thor gag which went on way past the point it was funny, and the Captain America ending which went against everything Steve ever stood for.

La ame de principio a fin

filme foda para caralho, o roteiro é foda, gostei da construção e dos lugares onde os vingadores pegando as joias do infinito para desfazer o que o thanos tem feito, achei que deveria o arqueiro ter morrido, mas ok, achei muito foda que a batalha entre thor, capitão america e o homem de ferro vs o thanos, e a batalha final dos vingadores vs o exercito do thanos vs foda pra caralho, uma das melhores cenas da marvel, foi quando o homem de ferro pega as joias do infinito e coloca em seu braço e fala para o thanos, eu sou o homem de ferro se sacrificando pelo mundo, as cenas de ação foi excelentes, e o elenco é mais excelente ainda, a cena perto final do velório do homem de ferro é excelente e um cena triste para a marvel, o final do filme foi um
final foda, os vingadores venceram o thanos,agora o bem venceu. esse filme eu recomendo pra caralho, o melhor filme que a marvel já fez.
mas eu falo, eles voltaram para o guerra secretas.

Great, Amazing!! Didn't like what they did with the Thor character but still it was a great ending to the Avengers saga.

Worst of the avengers films so far. first 2hrs are really slow and boring. It was really dragged out to fill the time out. Those 2hrs should have been condensed into 1hr 20mins. Then the last hour the directors decided to kick the film into overdrive and really speeded the film up. But, the last hour doesn't make up for the really bad first 2hrs. Which made me fall asleep briefly 4 TIMES!!

It was okay, but the last Avengers was a better movie.

The MCU reached a pinnacle with Avengers: Infinity War, and while Endgame could not match Infinity War, it was a satisfactory and satisfying ending to a usually compelling, decade-long story.

