Movie has a few issues but overall not a bad film.
the CGI. need I say more?
It Good And All But The Pictures Are Kinda Bad When The Heroes Were On The Moon
Taika Watiki cooked and gave us food poisoning‼️🗣️🔥
Very dissapointing this should be a superhero movie not a comedy that is not even funny and thor personality is dreadful
There is almost nothing to like about this fourth Thor movie. The humor, which was one of the key strengths of Thor Ragnarok, has become a drag, annoying and repetitive. The villain is barely shown, and why is that ? Because Taika Waititi has such an inflated ego that he couldn't help but write the story through the perspective of his own self-insert ; Korg. An annoying, pointless and incredibly unamusing character.
This is borderline sabotage, as if the MCU wasn't struggling enough.
Very funny and cute at the same time.. Best Thor movie so far. Great plots, smooth transition and lots of emotions yet it's still light and fun

The goats are awesome
It was okay but the villain Gorr did sink and he really hurt that movie.
This movie is Weird. It creates new powers for storm breaker that would have changed the landscape of the MCU if he used them before this movie, they are given no explanation to how he got them he just has these powers. This is not a Thor movie, it is a comedy. This is not the same Thor as he has been through the MCU. The first half of the movie is all over the place even creating a blatant lie of a storyline between Jane and Thor that took place during the first Thor movie when it just didn’t. It is all over the place. The second half of the movie is much better, it finds itself. Since when is Zeus Fat and have a accent? 🙄This is by no means a bad movie, it is just not a Thor movie. If you liked Ragnarock you will like this movie too. 59%
It's hard to feel the stakes when everything is either, turned into a joke, or is the butt-end of one. The tone is completely off throughout, and a emotionally charged third act isn't enough to save this sinking ship.
The worst marvel movie I have ever seen. If I were to list on a scroll, of everything wrong and how they ruined characters. The scroll would wrap around the earth 3x
Actual garbage. Probably the worst MCU movie I've ever seen. Yes, even worse than The Dark World.
This was an OK movie. That is it
The weakest of the franchise.   This one was barely watchable.  Chris Hemsworth is obviously watchable but not a great film.
Fun , has some emotional scenes, nice action , lerfectly average
saw it with my ex and she left me.
Lacked plot and emotion and  side characters to make it a decent movie
Easily one my favorite mcu films. Imm glad they transitioned away from the old somewhat shallow thor
Awful. I will never watch a marvel movie anymore in my life.
Thor deserved better than this. The As-guardians of The Galaxy storyline is what we should have gotten in a Thor sequel coming out of Endgame. Make that movie and we can all pretend Love And Thunder never existed.
Thor: Love and Thunder is both sad and funny, while it's also engaging and weird.

The existing characters are great, but they don't really have character arcs except for Jane, who I loved to finally check on again. The new characters are mixed. The villain is a pretty good character, but I didn't like him. He could've seen how much different Thor was from the other gods. I liked the scene with the gods, everything was a joke to them. Many people say this movie is too ridiculous, but I love its ridiculousness. The dialogues are sometimes cheesy, but also pretty great at times.

The cinematography is okay, the directing is good. I like Taika Waititi's style. I got used to it in Ragnarok, now I'm fully on board. The visual effects are great, even though there's not much practicality. The cast is great, I loved to see Russel Crowe and Christian Bale, who I usually love, but I didn't enjoy his performance and character in this movie.

Thor: Love and Thunder can feel cheesy or too ridiculous, but I loved it.
Family fun for sure, but the series has gotten so far from its roots it is painful at times
Alguém me diz como a Marvel continua fazendo filme desse jeito cara só tem filme ruim e esse aqui faz parte e talvez seja o pior filme da Marvel esse aqui Thor amor e trovão
O filme tinha um potencial imenso, com um vilão incrível nos quadrinhos e personagens novos e antigos ótimos e com grande potencial, como Zeus e o próprio Thor. Mas o filme traz esses personagens como bobos.
A comédia pastelão do filme faz parecer que o filme não vai acabar nunca, sendo insuportável de assistir. Taika Waititi faz o filme ser extremamente tosco
Não recomendo o filme.
You’d expect, given Thor: Love and Thunder, another spectacular Taika Waititi climax that infuses Thor’s grand action adventures with clever comedy tailored for the film but unfortunately the movie takes a turn for the absurd and overdone, resulting notably horrible CGI. It also loses its touch in attempting to make Thor, a character often perceived as dull, more engaging. 

Christian Bale, an Oscar-winning actor, is squandered on the villain Gorr, whose poorly written characterization is a waste of talent. 

Despite these flaws, there’s still some remaining entertainment value to be found for general fans of the MCU.

Grading: C-
Too much slap stick comedy. Terrible.
This movie made thor out to be a complete joke of a character and took all his classical charm
quite possibly the worst movie ever made.
OMG this has to be the worst MCU film yet  From it's inane attempt at comedy to it's really bad acting (sorry Chris) I couldn't watch any more and had to turn it off about a quarter of the way through
Biggest bunch of crap. An insult to the marvel movies that came before it. Just a bunch of random scenes of parody of thor. Incoherent pointless and a wastenof time
Eleligir 2 tramas de cómics muy bueno como lo son gorr y mighty Thor, pero el director se estrella en arruinarlo de la peor manera
it very bad writing
Thor:Amor e Trovão, com certeza não e um dos melhores filmes do Thor o filme tem piada a cada 5 segundos isso e um dos piores defeitos do filme, isso faz que o filme faça não o Levar-lo a sério e faz perde momentos marcantes, um exemplo e a morte da Poderosa Thor(Dr.Jane Foster),A luta Final,A batalha em Nova Asgard entre outros momentos que se não fosse por esse humor exagerado com certeza iríamos ficar emocionados. Esse humor exagerado também afetou o protagonista que era um pouco sério mas também um pouco piadista esse era o equilíbrio perfeito do personagem pra ter carisma, já o personagem aqui e só piadista.
Mas o filme ainda tem história...
The only thing worst than a terrible Ant-Man and Doctor Strange sequel? A really terrible sequel that was meant to glorify one of the beloved six original Avengers, Thor. This movie is absolute hot garbage and nearly didn’t hold my attention this time on my rewatch. The characters are massively butchered in comparison to any other movie they were in, the storyline isn’t even good at all, the cast’s acting is outrageously bad (even though they are all excellent actors in other movies), and even the visuals for most parts of the film are absolutely vomit-inducing. Thor was once a serious character who balanced out the cast nicely and his humor was based on obliviousness and Asgardian customs, but now he has been devolved into an idiot who cannot even function as a person for five seconds to be any amount of normal. Trying to be too funny, trying to do too much, trying to be more like Ragnarok and edgy, all of it was poison to this movie. The only reason this movie does not suffer a far worse rating is because of the villain, Gorr, and some aspects to the character of Jane Foster. The Guardians of the Galaxy were a plus as well, but were barely even in the movie. Gorr should have been in it far more and it may have saved the movie if he had. However, as far as I am concerned, this is an absolute stain on superhero history in general and I will be happy once I have forgotten about it.
The only good thing bout this movie was seeing Natalie Portman as Lady Thor
I didn’t like this at all when I saw it in theaters. I’m kinda upset at how much u enjoyed this on rewatch. I wanted to hate it so much but I just couldn’t.
Thor: Love and Thunder does attempt to explore themes of love and loss whilst introducing the Mighty Thor and putting Thor on a journey of self discovery. However, it sadly doesn't work as well as it should due to a rushed pace and way too many jokes that are almost never funny
Definitely not as good as Ragnarok they tried too hard with the comedy some of it was funny some I
Of it wasn’t
This movie is fun, with many characters from the series appearing, and there are some funny scenes with the dialogue between the Guardians, the planet's inhabitants, and characters like Korg. The battle scenes between Thor and Mighty Thor were all cool, and the villain Gore's visuals were good, but the fact that Thor has become a comedy character is a negative point, and I'm sorry to say that his bad points stand out too much.
There were a few good scenes but for the most part this flick is a window into the warped mind of the director and witness to the continued downslide of Disney into depravity. It makes a mockery of true heroes and goes full-on steroids mode of everyone gets a trophy (in this case, magical powers) and pull my finger humor. I'm surprised the audience rating is as high as it is and after scanning the reviews it looks manipulated.
Tried way to hard to make it as funny as ragnarok. No balance in serious and funny to work well. The fx was sad and the goats were just so annoying. .
Genuinely a hard watch, outdated internet jokes made important for the whole movie with additional universe rewriting pandering to specific minorities.
First half of the movie was good and a little over the top, after that. the movie begins to drag and the finale with all the kids and their stuffed animals and shooting magic out of them?  The best part of the movie was killing off Natalie Portmans character “Jane”. Maybe Thor 5 will be better.
I don't like it I love it
No reason they was tryna make Thor this funny “God”
Not bad. I loved Gorr. I was not a big fan of Jane as thor, but still good. I would give it a 64%
What's hell terrible! Waste great actors… I hate Taika's job. He ruined Thor's world!
Garbage and ok.
It's just bad, not even in a funny way. What a waste of Christian Bale as an actor.
This movie is a hot mess. The vfx are bad (at least for a holywood blockbuster movie) the jokes are really bad, The goats are soooooo annoying, and yes. thor is in a romantic relationship with his hammer. Overall, the movie is kinda painful to watch.
We loved it!!!! It's just as funny every time we watch it over!
Waste of great actors
Nothing beats the original but definitely on the right track.
I really hate that they took away the seriousness of Thor, ruined what was meant to be a sad storyline, The only good thing about this film and where the one star comes from is the villain but he didn’t get nearly enough airtime.
The god slayer as a villain is a genius idea, but the rest of the film is sparse and bad (from the animation to the effects).
I never watch a film for what it is not. What this film does have is joke after joke after joke. Nearly misses at every turn in every scene. I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at least once every 3 mins. The only MCU film I personally do not care for. The best parts for me are when the film has more serious interactions between characters. Bale is incredible but completely wasted. Portman is great as usual. I do feel bad for Hemsworth who built this epic character and is completely turned into a joke here. Turns out he is a great comedic actor. Waititi interjects himself way too much throughout. I can’t help but feel Love and Thunder would have benefited if Korg didn’t survive past the Omnipotent City scene. Disappointing follow up to Ragnarok, which is one of the strongest entries in the MCU. Fingers crossed Thor 5 brings the character back to its roots which has always had Shakespearean undertones.
2/10 this movie sucked so much..regreted watching this movie.
I am a big fan of all the Thor movies but this was not in the ballpark with all the previous. It was like it was made for children. I was very disappointed and I even tried to watch it a second time. Sorry.....
The only thing that worked in this movie was Christian Bale and yet this movie didn’t do him any justice. Stupid humor, too much silliness, wasted Christian Bale’s character.
Direção: Ruim
Atuação: Bom
Roteiro: Ruim
Caracterização: Ruim
Soundtrack: Bom
Love and Thunder is a really satisfying experience. Thor is finally given a bit more room to breath, without centering the movies on hideously flat and vacuous CGI. The worst thing Marvel could possibly do would to now reel Thor back into the relentless boredom of those movies that do make the CGI centre stage. The characters are the story. Let's face it, people who give the movie a low score are doing so for reasons unconnected with the movie
the movie could have been way better its just too corny with the children being strong and defeating the shadows all by themself and plus the villain had a switch of heart in the last second
Worst. Movie. Ever.

And I am a huge Thor fan. What the heck were they thinking? So incredibly stupid… I couldn’t even finish it.
Simplesmente a pior representação do Deus do trovão
Marvel misses the chance to show one of the comics' best villains ever
“Thor: Love and Thunder” is not a total trainwreck, but it’s frustrating that it squanders its potential for greatness due to severe tonal whiplash and the underutilization of its villain played wonderfully by an always committed Christian Bale.
Where Thor 4 handles Jane Foster's Thor story with maturity, that is the only thing mature to be found in Love and Thunder. An incredible dip in quality from Taika Watiti's usual output.
The only reedeming part of this movie was Christian Bale's acting, but he alone could not save this movie.
Better than I had anticipated... definately worth seeing! Lots of fun...but sometimes a bit too much campy humor.  Some pretty great acting from Christian Bale and Natalie Portman.   This film would rival Ragnorak if they just cut the silliness by about %20.
This movie sucked so much. It had like two funny jokes but everything else sucked.  The only part that was kind of mid was the ending when we got to see true feelings being expressed.  Would not ever recommend, wasted two hours of my life.
Very good and funny!
Despite what some people think, this movie is gold. This was one of the best movies I got to see in theaters, as well as the only Thor movie that I got to see in theaters. One of the best MARVEL movies as well as one of the best entries in the MCU. You just can't beat it, once the screaming goats came in, I fell in love with it. The part that I've seen people complain about is Lady Thor, which I thought was a worthy and welcome addition to the MCU.
Bored of the 'Thor' is stupid trope. Without Anthony Hopkins' Odin to anchor the film's emotion and gravity the film is shallow and only vaguely amusing.
This is a movie that shows a cocky movie director can get too much in his head. Had great movie hits only to have this be his own downfall. Is it a comedy or a drama? Christian Bale was totally wasted.
Taika really messed up on this film, im pretty dissatisfied
aunque sea dificil meterse en cosas profundas como Gorr; que es lo mejor de la pelicula de lejos, Chris Hemsworth, Nathalie Portman y Tessa Tompston lo hacen muy bien como los protas, si tan solo no lo hubieran llevado tan al chiste pudo haber sido mejor
This movie is only mildy bad 4/10
Truly one of the worst movies I've seen. Just awful. The whole purpose was to immaculate men and make them all out to be idiots.
65/100 - its not a good film. its kind of funny but its weird because its just a terrible movie with bad acting and forced comedy.
This film sucks in many ways. Just don’t watch it.
it's aight I guess :l
I thought Thor: Love And Thunder was both funny and very moving.  If I say anymore, I feel that I wouldn't be able to help but spoil it.
That movie had everything to be a good movie: Portman with Mjolnir, Bale as Goor. But wheb I saw it in theaters : 🤮
How did this piece of silly useless junk EVER get made?  Does Marvel have so much money that they can just burn it on crap that can't even make fun of itself effectively?  I used to enjoy this franchise, but while inane goofiness might work in franchises like Ant-Man it's simply out of place in the Thor thread.
I was excited to watch this movie, knowing Taika had made Thor Ragnarok (which I really liked), but was really disappointed in the end. 
The movie scenario was really mediocre and the switch between humour and seriousness was too blurred. 
I mean, appart from Christian Bale who made a pretty good vilain and carried the movie I ain't worth watching. 
I'm even sad that Bale, who's such a great actor, is now related to such a bad marvel movie
We really enjoyed this movie! It was so action packed but also mysterious too! When it started out it I first thought we had the wrong show, but as the movie kept going we found it funny, thrilling, sad & even romantic at times! It had us rooting for Thor & Jane to get together again even though Jane seemed to be dying of cancer! With seeing this movie I now know this movie is very UNDERRATED & deserves the 5 stars instead of the measly 2s or 3s it’s been receiving!
The incessant humor never made me laugh and it completely undercut the handful of moments where the movie attempted to be serious. By far, my least favorite MCU feature film.
The first two Thor films were dark, one note and a little dull. All that changed when Taika Waititi took over the director’s chair for “Thor: Ragnarok”. Full of bright colors, poignant humor, and a complete reinvention of the character, “Thor: Ragnarok” is one of the most beloved stories in the MCU. Similarly, this film is bright, cheerful and flashy. It falls more in the comedy genre than action, which is both positive and distracting at times.

The villain in this movie, Gorr the God Butcher, is one of the most fascinating antagonists in the MCU. His story is compelling and just looking at him will run chills down your spine. Christian Bale (“The Dark Knight”) nails his portrayal of the character and is one of the highlights of this movie. 

The film does a great job of recapping Thor’s experience over the last decade and sets the stage without having to hop on Disney+ to watch the predecessors. The supporting characters are likable (especially Korg), the humor is exactly what you would expect from a Taika project and the runtime is well balanced.

This is the first installment in the Thor franchise without his brother, Loki, and the absence is felt. Apart from Gorr, some of the new characters introduced were overly comedic and took away from the heart of the film. The second act was weak and focused more on setting up future installments than staying in the present. 

If you have seen the trailer, you know that the Guardians of the Galaxy are in this movie. Unfortunately, we will have to wait until “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3” in 2023 to see them in action, because their screen time is extremely limited.

There are moments with real character development and complex emotions, but those scenes are undermined by an onslaught of jokes. Personally, I love Taika Waititi’s style and humor, but it might be too much for some viewers.

“Thor: Love and Thunder” is a popcorn flick. It is upbeat, visually impressive and transports you to another universe. The humor might be a bit excessive, but it’s a break from the traditional MCU mold. In my personal rankings, I have this movie just below “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” and above “Ant-Man and the Wasp”. It’s a solid entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and a lighthearted theater experience.

Written for the Gunnison Gazette
La película es buena y divertida a veces hay escenas un poco incómodas pero la película es divertida me gustó mucho y me retuvo que no podía verlo por el tiempo pero me ha costado la película y la mano como una de las mejores películas de todo divertidas buena para audiencia
My least favorite MCU movie. Genuine garbage.
There are some great visuals, but some bad visual effects. Some great performances like Christian Bale as Gorr, and some cringy writing. Thor: Love & Thunder' is entertaining enough, but cranks the color, comedy and convenience of the plot up way to high to consider it a great movie. Not every single line has to be a joke.
Marvel delivers a rom-com, but does not deliver ON a rom-com.
A female ruler is a queen not a king. More disney gender bending.  It is not wrong to call a female ruler a queen. It is to call her a king. Some fast paced action.
Unforgivably bad in every conceivable way.
Yeah, this movie is a big mess. My biggest problem with this movie is not the boring story or questionable CGI, but this movie's just not funny. I feel like Taika Waititi tried way too hard with the jokes on this movie and all of them just don't really land at all. One good thing that I can say is that I at least liked the villain. He was a lot more enjoyable than Thor for some reason and I was kind of rooting for him to win in the end and just killed Thor or something. And I'm not just saying that because he's being played by Christian Bale, you know, the funny literally me guy, I just really like the acting and the performance. Overall, this movie was just a mess.

4.5/10
It is a silly movie with high rewatchability, but overall it’s not funny (and through the whole movie it’s trying to be funny), so overall not great, but not awful
Plot hole galore, oh hi there inconsistent tone. I heard you make endless jokes when death and destruction around without lending any emotional heft to the situation. I guess that's okay because you look like a unicorn fart with a gazillion colors on you and the idiotic MCU fan boys get their jollies from nonsensical BS these days. Phase 4 crapfest am I right? While you're here trying to promote the "message" of equality in all facets of life, don't forget to tarnish our good mans Thor's name & get a very rotten score on the tomato meter ok? Because just like Thor in this movie, whole of MCU has lost their direction & wandering into a realm of unbearable
Thor 🤍 & ⚡ one of the best 
Who cares negative review, slow burn 
Still enjoyed so much 
Watched 4 times in cinema hall 
& So many times online
I certify this movie BIFI (By Idiots For Idiots)!
I'd love whatever 76% of the audience were smoking...  

This chapter of Thor was one of the worst films in MCU history.  The only reason I gave it 1.5 stars is because of Bale, who was so hard done by abysmal writing.  He did more than he could with his script, but even his performance couldn't save this movie.

I've got no idea what went wrong for Waititi in this one, given he's produced some incredible movies in the past.  The dialogue and attempts at humour felt so forced, cringeworthy and difficult to sit through, throughout the entire film, he turned Thor into an absolute joke and I was left feeling bewildered with everything this movie tried to achieve.
Don’t get the hate for this. I enjoyed the hell out of it!
It was soo unique. That what we needed
I felt like the characters in this movie could feel the happiness and difficulties that they faced in real life.
Hilarious take on Thor! The Olympus bit was absolute gold
Wow. God awful!!!!!  So dumb it’s hard to watch. Director /writer should have quit after ragnorok!!
Mistreatment of protagonist, lack of focus, and too much unfunny jokes.
This movie could have been so much better. There was too much humor. Too much. And not enough of Gorr The “off screen” God Butcher. Now I’m not saying it was terrible. I’m just saying it could’ve been better
It is alright, nothing memorable. There is a kid's scene that bored me
film git ale troche zbyt dziecinny
Similar to how thunder cowers to lightning this movie does to Thor Ragnorak. It has exciting and dramatic moments throughout but is sadly lost in a sea of tonal confusion.
Downloaded this to watch on the plane. How can it be so bad ? Seriously? Like what happend? This can never be redeemed no wonder Hemsworth wants to quit Thor after this absolute embarrassment..
It was fine, atleast Korg is still alive. 6.2/10.
One of the worst and lease cohesive movies I've ever seen.
Taika Waititi completely butchered 'Thor: Love and Thunder,' turning Thor into a joke. The character's complexity and charm are thrown out the window in favor of ridiculous antics and forced humor. This film is a masterclass in character assassination, showing zero respect for Thor's legacy. Fans deserved the powerful, nuanced Thor, not this embarrassing caricature. Cringe!
I kept waiting for a Disney employee to turn on the theater lights, tell me this was just a prank, and then play the real movie. Truly astonishing.
The only good thing was the soundtrack
It tries to be like Ragnarok..bt is nowhere close to it-the jokes don't land,the chemistry isn't there and the biggest problem is that they wasted gorr as a character...this movie doesn't only make thor look like a douchebag bt also ruins his legacy-never let taika cook again- a huge disappointment.
Christian Bale is excellent in this movie it’s just the tone of the movie that bring the movie down first it’s humor sometimes does not hit and when moments are meant to be serious it comes off as humorous.
Good Lord, what did I just watch
Thor lives just keep getting better. Not quite as good as Ragnarok but a close second.
maybe a little too wacky to be a thor movie, thor love and thunder brings comedy, action, and a great performance from christian bale into one nice movie. maybe taika wait to got a little carried away with the laughs in this one though but great movie.
"Totally unpleasant, a disgusting movie (another work of progressivism)."
Worst story worst script very bad
If i could, i'll rate it with zero. This is rock bottom. I hate it. This repeats every single mistake Thor movies ever made, but mistakes here are even bigger. Movie is treated like joke too muck for taking it serious (ragnarok), villian was wasted... again (dark world), worst of all, TOO MANY KOOOOORG! He is like the worst character in entire fiction. MCU I'm begging you! Kill him in next movie, but that time do it properly. And this is just scratching of surface how this movie is terrible.
This move makes Thor into a joke. None of it worked for me. One of my favorite directors and a few of my favorite actors yet it came out so bad.
marvel be ruining all their superhero’s
Just watched Thor Love and Thunder. It was a really entraining movie with lots of laughs. Christian Bale does a great job bringing the villain to life and the whole cast is amazing. The movie was pretty fast-paced and there were definitely some parts I didn't like.
Given the previous Thor movie was my favorite, this one was a tremendous disappointment. 

I watched it initially in the theater and was very unhappy I had wasted my time and money.  Now, two years later, I gave it another look and its better than my memory of it was, but still its a miss.

The root of the problem is the insistence of the director to be the narrator and tell the story from the view, for the most part, of Korg, the character he is in the movie, this distorts things quite a bit and not for the better.

If they had removed Korg, removed the screaming goats, and treated the guardians of the galaxy characters better, it starts to become a passable movie.  Korg is the Jar-Jar Binks in the ointment.  Honestly, he's there simply because Taika is in love with his own voice and presence and no one had the guts to tell him no when he presented the concept.

I'm also annoyed that they show Fat Thor at a time AFTER he was already back in shape.  But possibly the most annoying bit was that there was some kind of weird romance going on with the axe, hammer, and Thor that just made zero sense.  You can almost excuse the hammer gaining sentience, but not the axe.

Christian Bale is, as always, a fantastic actor and he steals every scene he's in.  Honestly, he almost redeems the movie.
I love the Thor movies! I hope they keep them coming!
I think a lot of the negativity of this movie came from that the fact that Ragnarök was so amazing - so this had an uphill battle from the start. Really enjoyed it. It was a good movie. I wish they could have actually tied Gorr to Knull like it is the comic because then there would have been a connection to Venom - which isn't MCU but it would be nice if it all tied together like in the comics - but that's not Taika Waititi's fault.
Finally watched this movie on Disney+ and it was horrible. I am so glad I did not pay to see it. Every other scene is some stupid joke that ruins the whole mood of the movie.
The humor…Thor is now a joke. He was once a feared God.  I wish I could get my money and time back.
I always like Thor  movies but this one it's ther worst one
I rank my marvel movies on how many times I want to rewatch them, I have watched this twice and it didn’t get better the second time. I can’t recommend
The critics got it right this time.....the tone is way off, too much of an out and out comedy, the new gods and cast are wasted as is the brillaint source material which is suggested but never delivered upon.

Pretty much killed the Thor franchise unless they can rescue it with another, this is way worse than Thor 2 which isn't exactly loved (with that film taking itself too seriously, this film has barely any serious scenes).
I loved Taika's Films and Direction before this movie. As a person who went through something similar to one of the main characters in this film goes through I was appalled and thought the end was very unsupportive and downright depressing. Not only for myself but to all the kids who look up to these films as hope in the hardest times in their lives and to be crushed was uncalled for and unsympathetic.
One of the absolute worst movies I think I have ever seen. So stupid from start to finish. They had a fantastic villain in this movie, but they were too focused on being unserious and lame. this movie is a solid 1/10. The MCU would benefit greatly by never hiring this director ever again.
Worst super hero movie ever.
This was kind of a disapointment, what the hell happend...
Was super disappointed in this movie. They’ve made Thor weak and a joke while the female lead is ill and somehow becomes a “female Thor?” Would not watch again and my family loves the Marvel movies.
De mis favoritas, se ve a un Thor tratando de encajar nuevamente en la sociedad disimulando su tristeza con alegría externa, por eso ese comportamiento "infantil"
The Comedy in the movie was ok I guess, but the ending was so cringe it gest this 2,5 out of 5 star movies to a 1. 

If you Cringe easy to not watch to the end or not at all do something else.
It was so predictable so much like the other Jurassic movies.
Garbage. Natalie Portman should have never come back, she made it worse. Tessa Thompson's sex appeal wore off after Ragnarok. And Chris Hemsworth is just in too many movies, it's annoying. One star for CGI and one star for Christian Bale, who we all know is an insane method actor. I can imagine him going home to his family at night still in character as Gorr lol.
This half star is literally for Christian Bale, literally the only good thing in this movie, the rest flush it down the toilet
It is a fun movie,

It was nice to see Jane Foster back, and i didn't know that Heimdall has a son, hope to see him more in the future. But what i'm really interested is to see what do they do with Gorr's Daughter in the future movies.
badly written with a terrible plot and horrible character decisions absolutely destroyed thors character
It was one of the worst Marvel movies I've watched, but it felt more like something to check off the movie schedule than a real developed film. The only cool thing was Bale's performance. Otherwise, it was deplorable.
Poor storyline compared to the previous Thor movies, the film is more about Jane than Thor, but passes the time.
I mean, it was a film. Tried to make jokes at every turn, even when moments should have been serious. Established some weird things in the MCU that make old stories feel irrelevant. You can watch it, but I don't feel like this movie helped the MCU at all.
This movie can't ever seem to take it self serious.
the film has a fairly simple plot. In the film the good characterization of Mighty Thor and Gorr excels while as regards Thor a step forward has been made as he is more serious than the previous film but still far from being a good well characterized character.
The CGI is some of the worst in Marvel movies.
I most of the time rate movies higher than others do, but in this case I just cant. Im being honest, and I hated this movie. It felt like a cheap kids movie and while watching it, I forgot that its a Thor movie. This Movie shows how family friendly Marvel got, and I hate it.
Hot take I think this is a good movie
Give Kevin Feige a raise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quite literally the worst move I have ever seen… -from a marvel fan
Ok, it’s was a very solid movie that was a little rushed but not TOO rushed. They could’ve made this movie a little longer and given Jane a bit more back story however it wasn’t a necessity. a star studded cast and a star director (Taika Waititi is a true legend) means that there was good acting, great comedic relief and a great story. I’ll end with this, if you disliked this movie you are stuck on the old times and need to get with the new times. This isn’t supposed to be Endgame so stop comparing it to that, end of story. Good movie overall to take the kids to and get a good laugh! P.S. - The goats in the movie CRACKED. ME. UP. I was dying when they were on the screen 🤣🤣
Honestly thought it would be good. It is the type of movie you can only see once
I can't quite put this movie into a genre. If I had to choose I would say superhero sci-fi but also comedy... but also romance? It was everything we needed to see from Thor and Jane's relationship, but also the character arc furthering what Thor is doing now since many of his team members who end up becoming what is left of his family are now gone. Who is Thor without Asgard and without the Avengers? This movie answers these questions.
I HATE HER WITH ALL MY SOUL FOR RUINING ONE OF THE BEST MARVEL SAGAS, or well, one of the most entertaining. THE JOKES THAT ARE NOT FUNNY AND THAT ARE IN SAD AND DRAMATIC MOMENTS, THE CGI IS HORRIBLE, CHRISTIAN BALE COULD NOT GIVE DEPTH TO HIS CHARACTER WHICH MADE THE CHARACTER A WASTE and EVERYTHING IN ITSELF IS HORRIBLE IN THIS MOVIE. I HOPE THE DIRECTOR BURNS IN HELL FOR RUINING THOR'S IMAGE.
Just too silly and dumb coming off the fantastic "Thor: Ragnarok". Christian Bale is wonderful as the villain Gorr the God Butcher, even though his character should have been fleshed out more, and having Natalie Portman back was cool, but that couldn't save this movie from thinking it was much more then it was.
The villain was nice even the music too, but everything else was just bad.
Great plot and an awesome story. Doesn't live up to ragnarok but is still an amazing sequel.
"Thor: Love and Thunder" delivers a visually stunning and vibrant cinematic experience, blending elements of fantasy and action. The film explores a cosmic setting, seamlessly combining mythical realms and futuristic landscapes. However, the plot could benefit from more nuanced pacing, as certain sequences feel rushed, hindering character development. The narrative follows Thor's journey as he confronts new challenges, introduces intriguing characters, and explores the complexities of power. Characters like Valkyrie and Jane Foster bring depth to the story, but some arcs could be more fully realized. Personally, Valkyrie stood out as a favorite with her compelling presence and leadership. Overall, the film evoked a rollercoaster of emotions, from exhilarating action to poignant moments, leaving a sense of awe and anticipation for the Marvel Cinematic Universe's future.
Although slightly better than Ragnarok I can't get over how horribly Disney has developed and changed Thor's character. He has become the joker of The Avengers. I think it was more fitting when Thor was this serious man that occasionally had a comedic moment happen to him because of his unfamiliarity with the human world. I hate that Thor movies have become subpar comedies. Natalie Portman's character is the only thing that sort of elevated this one a bit from Ragnarok. Every time I see a new Thor movie pop up lately I can't help but think " What have they done to my boooy?!!!"
This movie only makes sense if it was actually a retelling of the real events from the perspective of Korg, kinda like how it ended with Korg storytelling to a bunch of kids. So sad that Gorr didn't play a more deeper role where audiences get to fully empathise with him. He seems like a character that can go very deep and relatable. Huge missed opportunity.
The music makes it really good!
It felt like Taika lost his edge with this one... perhaps a cash grab? But he gave us Jojo Rabbit, so two stars...
É um filme mediano! Da pra assistir, recomendo assistir pra quem quer seguir acompanhando a saga inteira da Marvel.
O filme tem grandes pontos negativos que corrigidos teria melhorado demais o filme, mas em um próximo filme isso possa ser ajustado.
This movie just felt very off man... like the story was so weird and seemed unfinished and rushed and the narration was unnecessary tbh... it was too awkward of a movie to watch and a waste of time... really expected more from it especially after a very great prequel like ragnarok
Ragnarok was certainly a tough act to follow, and Love and Thunder unfortunately didn't quite measure up. Gorr could have used a lot more screentime. Still, it was funny, entertaining, and visually spectacular.
I found it really boring and forced
Movie was amazing , great acting, great story lines . And Korg is the best narrator and comic relief.
Thor is an incredibly awesome character within the comics. It's just a shame he is portrayed as silly and grounded in this film. It takes the "god butcher" and turns the film into a childish mess. I mean somehow giving Thor's power to a bunch of 7 year old kids who then go to fight the GOD BUTCHER's minions is just absurd. Had this been made into a serious and dark film, it could have become one of the greats
Movie was okay but wasn't good as the 3rd movie.
Pros: Not afraid to take big risks in Thor's evolution.
Cons: Like almost all Phase 4 films, relies heavily on very cheap, cheesy tropes that are overused. The connections and changes within the plots feel too easily joined together. Consequently, it's entertaining but not much more than that.
This movie is so bad it's actually funny.  Please no more Thor movies. This movie ruined his character so much, there's nothing left for his character.
It's like Ragnarok without Loki. Jane is finally interesting. Ideas are abundant but some of it misses. Some good ideas are skipped over for pacing, leaving the movie feeling a little more shallow than it should be.
Despite suffering from an inability to properly capture a more serious tone among the silliness and a slight lack of originality, this humorous, exciting adventure with the God of Thunder will likely entertain its audiences.
I thought it was bad
la mejor de thor amo a jane sobre todo a gorr q pedazo de villano valquiria es muy buena pero korg no hace nada ahi
Haragszom Taika Waititire megcsinálta a Thor filmek paródiáját! Ezt a filmet semmién formában nem lehet komolyan venni! 2 ** nagy jóindulattal!
Worst move I have ever seen. Every other Thor movie was pretty entertaining but this was just abysmal and I would think embarrassing to all involved.
I thought this was the worst Marvel film I have ever seen. The humour was terrible, the scene in the hall with all the God's, if that's what it was, was embarrassing. Please never make another Thor movie again.
I love this movie, exceptional bubble & squeaking by Russel Crowe, and hammy performances from everyone else that make a nice change from the usual 'deathly serious' Marvel twaddle. Wish Taika could be forced to remake the entire Marvel oeuvre just to see how he'd deconstruct it to try and keep himself awake again.
Bad script. Soundtrack didn't make sense. Had very few moments of decent to good humor, otherwise not even groan worthy. Just made me want to turn the movie off. Character arc of Thor himself didn't make sense and wasn't even interesting. The whole movie seemed to be making fun of Thor and the world he comes from, as well as most or all mythologies. And with all the gods of all the cultures of the world through all of history, Zeus is above all of them?? Seriously?
So utterly disappointed. Only reason I'm giving it more than 1 star is because the acting was good, the shadow realm scenes were good (mostly at least) and the kids fighting with Thor-enhanced weapons rocked.
It is idiotic sometimes, but Gore is fantastic, Jane is inspiring, and the movie's second half is great.
A very disappointing film, because in terms of story it is very generic and very boring, and the humor in this film is not funny, the character of Thor becomes like a comedian who cannot be taken seriously.
Disney is trash! Their betrayal will never be forgotten or forgiven!
They were supposed to be a wholesome company that made children's entertainment. Instead they've become some sort of twisted, perverted, and disgusting bunch of radicals that want to corrupt children!! 
Honestly those responsible should be put in prison for their unforgivable aberrant actions!!
I've never rated zero to a movie. This is the first one. Movie adaptations from comics don't need to follow every detail of the source material, I really get that. Actually, I'm totally against it to copy and paste it from comics to the big screen. But it's a disrespect towards the Marvel fans, the emotion investment they did since 2008, the time and money they spent until now to follow our heroes stories, by taking one of the top 3 most epic, exciting and well-written stories and one of the top 2 deepest, powerfull, and badass villains of the whole Marvel Comics and destroy them like Taika Waititi did.

Gorr is really THE GOD BUTCHER. He literally comitted genocide of countless panteons of gods around the ENTIRE UNIVERSE, of other planets, cultures, and societies, ALONE. He fought for millennia against entire panteons alone and AT ONCE, slaughtering them without mercy.

To adapt a comic story, it needs to adapt it to other media, therefore, it needs changes. But what he did was not and adaptation. Was destruction. And now, two of the most important villains of the Marvel Universe, Gorr The God Butcher and Knull are in a bad place in the MCU. The only way it would be to took the Love and Thunder movie out of the cannon and reintroduce Gorr with the Necrosword for open the opportunity to introduce Knull.

And Taika Waititi was responsible for that and for delivering us a flat story, that breaks causality in every scene, with lazy storytelling, lazy writing, lazy dialogs, lazy soundtrack, lazy everything. Overwhelmingly overloaded with lazy jokes.

Thor: Love and Thunder is a bloated, boring, and downright bad movie. The plot is convoluted and hard to follow, the characters are one-dimensional and uninteresting, and the unfunny and overhelmingly goofy humor is violently forced against our throat. The action sequences are boring and uninspired, and the CGI is terrible. Overall, Thor: Love and Thunder is a disappointing movie that is totally unworthy of anyone's time.
🎶Blues guy!! 🤩😎🌌
Don’t make another Thor movie please you already ruined him.
A comedic masterpiece in my opinion. With great action humor and heart in a beautiful fantasy world akin to my favorite movie, Shrek.
Buena película, no me canso de verla.
De a poco se poner mucho mejor
Me gusta, dentro de todo mantiene el género y dinamismo de los anteriores
Muy buena película felicidades 😊
The only true god is Jönssonligan
Película llena de acción y entretenimiento perfecta para ver en Familia
Excelente película ,  es una de las mejores que eh visto de la saga de thor estoy esperando con ansias las demás
Es muy buena para poder verla en familia
a great, very good movie with great actors and the story is the coolest thing
Esta película es una de mis favoritas y sin duda se que les va a gustar mucho así que no le teman al éxito y mírenla.
10/10 un éxito, súper recomendada✌🏾
Muy buena película y muy buena la actuación de los actores en verdad excelente en todo sentido
For a movie seemingly made with the sole purpose of inserting as many goofy gags per minute as possible while employing a healthy dose of vivid colors and rousing GNR hits, Love and Thunder is shockingly lethargic.
Me encantó la película es muy buena
Es una película increíble me gustó mucho la recomiendo
Muy buena muy entretenida, me gusto mucho
Muy entretenida y epica película, los actores hicieron un excelente trabajo y me emociono mucho el final 🤩
Gran película, como amante de marvel co sidero que es una de las películas más lindas y divertidas de Thor, apesar de no ser de tanta acción atrae con sus escenas tan chistosas
Excelente, muy entretenida y los efectos están muy bien logrados la volvería a ver
Una excelente película, felicidades a los productores Thor siempre será mi favorito
La saga de esta película es realmente hermosa y muy buena película para ver y disfrutar los personajes que hacen realidad cada momento que se vive al ver las escenas la recomiendo un 100%
Si eres amante de Marvel no te puedes perder esta excelente pelicula
Está película 🎞️ es lo máximo para ver familia es viaje diferente a todo lo que se ha enfrentado 😃
Thor: Love and Thunder es una epopeya cósmica que deslumbra con su espectacularidad visual, un festín de emociones y giros de trama que revitalizan el universo Marvel, haciéndola una obra imperdible.
A pesar de su gran actuación, música, construcción del mundo y momentos épicos de los personajes, Thor: Love and Thunder se siente como una broma continua que no funciona.
Entretanida muy buena trama la recomiendo
Me encantó es muy excelente divertida y entrañable super recomendable
Me parece una buena película de diversión y acción
This is one of the best movies now onboard. Don't miss it. The best
Excelente película, recomendado ver
Es entretenida, apta para público pequeño. Es recomendada
Una muy buena película, igual que sus antecesoras, la recomiendo para que al igual que yo puedan divertirse un rato.
Es súper buena la recomiendo
Me encantó esta película la verdad muy buena producción es muy entretenida
"Una emocionante película que combina acción intensa, personajes cautivadores y una trama intrigante. Una experiencia cinematográfica imperdible."
Muy buena película, tiene muy buena temática.
Excelente me encantó mucho
Me encanto súper Recomendada
Muy buena película… los chistes y las referencias son muy graciosas la imagen es de buena calidad
Excelente película👍🏼
Es un viaje inmejorable, una gran película de aventura y con personajes legendarios, ya saben este tipo de pelis son las que nos transportan a un mundo diferente.
Me gusto la película me entristece que ella ya no este pero lo buenos es que está amor 💘
Una película con gran un enfoque electrizante y gran capacidad para mezclar aventura y comedia de manera efectiva.
Thor está buscando la paz interior, pero la  el asesino de dioses,Thor recluta a la Reina Valkiria, Korg y su exnovia, Jane Foster, para que lo ayuden a evitar la extinción de los diose. Es mi parte favoritaThor ha perdido la esperanza de encontrar la paz interior después de enfrentarse al asesino de dioses, un enemigo que amenaza con destruir a todos los seres divinos. Para detenerlo, Thor forma un equipo con la Reina Valkiria, el guerrero de piedra Korg y su antigua amante, Jane Foster, que ahora posee el poder del Mjolnir. Juntos, se embarcan en una misión desesperada para salvar a los dioses y restaurar el equilibrio del universo. Es mi parte favorita de la historia.
Es fascinante, tiene la capacidad de tenerte al borde de la silla durante toda la película, tiene una trama e historia muy interesante.
Waoo es una película súper estupenda.  Recomendable al 100 % para aquellos que les gusta la aventura y los superhéroes
Excelente película, la disfrute al máximo
Gran película muy buenas la recomiendo 10/10
Es muy buena la película para ver en familia
very good successful movie
Esta película continúa la historia de Thor, interpretado por Chris Hemsworth, y promete ser una combinación de acción, comedia y drama, dirigida por Taika Waititi. El regreso de personajes familiares y la introducción de nuevos elementos al universo de Marvel seguramente generarán una gran expectación entre los fanáticos de los superhéroes.
Si no sabes que hacer un domingo de locha reunete con tus familiares y amigos compartan un rato agradable divirtiéndose mirando esta serie super genial recomiendadisima.
Esta película la recomiendo mucho nos entretiene mucho y se puede disfrutar
Excelente película, tiene escenas muy interesantes y super realistas
Es una de las mejores película la recomiendo que la vean muy buena para pasar una y tarde en familia
Que gran película me gusta mucho y más porque Thor es mi actor favorito
Se asemeja cada vez mas a las historias de antaño
Felicidades por tu buen contenido que siempre así por favor 😇🎊 jejej y que tengan una buena tarde
Excelente, muy divertida, cumplió con las expectativas🤩
Películas facinantes y está
La película te atrapa desde el primer minuto
This movie is shocking and shows how unity can overcome evil.
Exelente vale la pena verla
Muy buena película, super entretenida y los actores son geniales
Buenísima, entretenida película con buena acción y efectos
I wait each movie of thor , i love movie and chris hemswork is the most hamsome man in mcu , i hope everyone can see this great movie
Muy entretenida y divertida, la recomiendo
Recomiendo mucho la película es muy entretenida hasta el final
Está película sin duda es la mejor que me he visto y me la puedo ver dos veces en el día y cada vez que la vuelvo a ver me parece más asombrosa que antes, por más películas así
Excelente peli muy encantado de verla a mi hijo le facino
It´s the worst movie I´ve ever seen in a theater.
Es la cuarta película del Dios del trueno que nos entrega un mensaje de amor y de tener un propósito
Que bkn la película me encantó la recomiendo 😁
Exelente calidad amo el reparto de la película y la historia se ve muy buena
Me gusta la pelicula, la historia y las escenas de luchas son magníficas.
Me encantó Thor, especialmente la actuación de los personajes, ¡un sólido 10/10! Cada interpretación aportó profundidad y carisma a la historia, haciéndola aún más memorable. Una experiencia cinematográfica que realmente destaca gracias al talento actoral
Muy buena y hermosa historia de amor y perdida la ame hermosa historia
I love Marvel movies, but this is without a doubt one of my favorites, besides I love Thor ❤️.
Su calidad de imagen es maravillosa y sus efectos especiales, la hacen aún más auténtica, la recomiendo.
Me encantaaaa amo amo
Esta peli es una bomba, una que otra emoción me saco a flote 
Maravilloso
Es genuinamente genial esto
Me pareció muy divertida y también nos entrega un mensaje sobre el amor y sobre buscar un propósito
It is one of my favorite movies of all times. The casting is perfect. Combining comedy and drama. Also the soecial efects are first level. I invite all you fans to go watch it and have a great film experience.
Muy buena película,Nataly Portman hace un papel en el cual se le ve muy empoderada,muy cómoda en cumplir el papel de heroína
Muy buena pelicula muy entretenida.
Es una película entretenida apto para todo público en general es muy entretenida y se puede ver en familia
I laughed a lot with this movie
Muy buena película, mezclando la trama, acción y humor que ha caracterizado en las últimas entregas de Thor
Muy buena .excelente muy buena la calidad de imagen y el sonido es estupendo . Mucha acción nos. Encanta .la recomiendo al 💯 es exelente y por cierto muy buenos actores .
Excelente pelicula, aunque si no le prestas toda la atencion puedes llegar a confundirte... todos los agregados tienen sentido, la trama sigue el lore de la pelicula ademas de tener buena accion, de mi gusto.
Great cast, great director, great music, great fun ride with underlining serious tone
Me encantan las películas de dioses exelente
This is a pretty decent movie. I like that there was a slight change in cinematic presence and style with the greyscale filter that signified a different location. The addition of the celestial beings was fantastic, and I think we all would love to see more of that. I am innately a little bit biased due to my life long Marvel comics obsession, but I did enjoy this movie nonetheless.
You know it's a bad sign when Chris Hemsworth does an interview and says the movie he just starred in was too silly for its own good. Boy he wasn't kidding. The Jane Foster Thor and Gorr storylines were dome of the best of recent years, and they were done a great disservice with this insulting treatment of the source material. Up until the very end this movie was joke after joke after joke after joke after joke. Non-stop goofy comedy, all which fell flat. Thor is good with sprinkles of comedy, not when he's made into a court jester. Taika Waititi was terrible at writing comics, and he is worse at making movies. I don't know if its a case of nepotism getting him jobs with Marvel, but he puts out garbage. This movie was hard to sit through. The decent job done by the actors with dreck material is the only reason I don't give it 1 star. I suffered for you, so you can skip this one.
Excelente película me encantó tienen que verla
Excellent casting choice… that popcorn is always welcome 🍿
I thought this movie was great, I recommend it.
Muy entretenida la película buenos actores la drama es buena te mantiene atrapado esperando que va a pasar la recomiendo mucho vayan a verla
Buena pelicula la recomiendo buena y divertida para verla en familia
Its... yeah I don't know
Gor is an incredible villain in the comics and it felt like the only similarity to the movie's depiction is the name as this guy was weak in the film. Writing and story seemed really choppy. Would've been better if the story explored religion, deities and faith more in a murder mystery style.
Es una película increíble, muy entretenida, en la cual hay muchas aventuras, también es muy lindo ver los actos que se pueden hacer por amor, y como eso también se junta con mucha acción y travesías.
Trying too hard to be funny. Pathetic.
This movie could have  used some more time for the CGI and less improvising. It felt like the last thor movie, but without any clear plot and the jokes/one liners turned up to 11 which was too much.
Thor esya buscando su paz interior y vuelve a peliar para salvar el reinonde los Dioses junto con la reina valkiria.
Me la volvería a ver una y otra vez, películas que entretienen mucho
Me gustó mucho esta película, la diversión y el humor siguen ahí.
Wow es maravillosa 🤩 
Me gusta mucho y la recomiendo
Thor: Love and Thunder" electrifica el universo cinematográfico de Marvel con una mezcla única de acción, humor y drama. La película no solo expande la mitología de Asgard, sino que también entrega momentos emocionales impactantes. Con la dirección de Taika Waititi, el film logra un equilibrio perfecto entre la extravagancia cósmica y la conexión humana, ofreciendo una experiencia vibrante y épica para los fanáticos de Thor y los superhéroes en general.
Excelente película súper recomendable
Es la mejor película q he visto me encanta como interactuan parece real todo lo que sucede y los protagonistas impresionantes la recomiendo muchooo me encantooo..
such a disappointment
I’m kind of shocked at how disappointed I am in this film. There are a few things in it that I did like, I like Jane Foster as Thor, I thought Christian Bale did a good job as Gore acting wise, but story wise I would’ve done more to show him as more of the threat as he is in the source material. Overall, I liked everyone who is cast and I really liked the overall premise of the movie. However, it had tons of issues that I felt could’ve easily been avoided. This movie did have some pretty funny scenes, but much of the humor was overdone and ruined the good humor it had. I love that Marvel movies have humor, because honestly in real life there can be humor even in the wake of tragedy, but although there was some drama in this movie, it’s was vastly eclipsed by the overwhelming presence of silliness that encapsulated the movie. There needs to be balance. For example, the first couple jokes regarding the two hammers are really funny, but after that though as an ongoing joke it got old fast. Also, it’s possible for Thor to be be both funny but also a competent hero especially in his own movies. I am one to believe the humor done at his expense, should be situational and not because he’s an idiot. To play him as an idiot, when he really should know better in certain matters is a misstep and disservice to the character. Simply him being from Asgard on Earth can open up enough for him to be funny on its own.
Campy storyline typical of most Marvel fare following Avengers: Endgame. The lazy writing greatly diminishes Thor, Lady Thor, Zeus, and other Marvel characters, all of which deserved a better storyline.
Easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. There was absolutely nothing about this that was good. Not even Chris Hemsworth's funny one liners could dawn a positive light on this movie.
An absurd and mediocre Marvel Phase 4 movie with everything falling flat especially its all-star cast.
I'm very confused by the critical reception of this. When Ragnarok came out it understandably revitalized Thor, most people agreed it was a great film, but not without its criticisms. The biggest one being it's character work and lack of emotion. I mean Odin dies and the movie is just like "alright time to move on," same with the Warriors 3. Love and Thunder has great character work and lots of emotion. Is it more of the same? Yeah, but it still works. I actually think the story is better here than Ragnarok. That being said Ragnarok does have better pacing and is probably funnier. I don't know if I can say they're on par, but in no way is Love and Thunder far worse than Ragnarok like many are saying.
This one is just straight up the worst Marvel movie made in my opinion. I loved the previous Thor done by Taika, but there was no breathing room for any of the jokes (that were usually quite bad anyways) to settle befor ethe next one, even in the most serious scenes.
vfx were atrocious for the standard of their films, but at least they stopped trying to be cringe
Felt like watching cheap comedy at one point, with all the clumsy things Thor was doing. Didn't really feel like watching an actual Thor movie. So much was happening around the story line and none has built in a way to attract the audience.
I am actually thinking who r those guys who gives a 5 star...🥴
Love and Thunder is mostly flourish and not totally void of substance, but something needs to be said about the arbitrary logic forced down our throats to make the narrative move along between its plot points.

Yes, it's all fantasy and sci-fi but my suspense of disbelief grows dangerously thin throughout. As I furrow my brow for what feels like the 30th time I can't help but wonder if the cheap laughs are enough to compensate for what feels like just bad storytelling ideas.

Also as the Thor franchise begins to pride itself as a comedy under Waititi's helm, it's hard not to notice more than a few jokes fall flat.

The true high note in the film is Bale's performance, the man has such massive range as Gor that every time he comes on screen I'm enamored.

Still the entire production wraps up by very heartfelt means and thematically there's an undeniable wholesome vibe that makes you want to root for this film, flaws and everything!
Thor's character arc was one of the best points of the movie. On top of that I liked it that it lost one of the typical super hero tropes, that the superhero and the love interest directly come together and do not have problems. 

Jane had a personal arc as well and it was about her own life and her choices and her choices were not connected to Thor. 

Furthermore the comedic set up was well executed. 

What I disliked was that Gorr should have much more if an arc. He is an interesting villain because he is not solely bad, he cared for his daughter and just wants her back. But they could have explored it more.

And the last thing that bothered me is the ending. Because Jane could have been saved but for cinematic reasons they just let her die. Furthermore  we, the viewers, we're to believe that if someone is in eternity they can wish for whatever's they want, and all three (Thor, Jane and Gorr) were there. Therefore, theoretically Thor or Jane could have made a wish as well. But they let her die. 

If they would want to let the viewer think that it would be impossible to make another whish beside Gorrs, they should have executed it differently. In this way it's just an obvious stupid mistake.
Awful, we walked out around the halfway point. I'm guessing the 5 star reviews are mostly bots from the studio. But they worked because me and the wife figured it must be decent with all that talent on the screen, not so much
It is alright, better than Thor: Dark World for sure.
Barely enjoyed anything from this movie, just wanted it to end.
Waititi needs someone to do the core of the script while he can sprinkle some stuff for bit of fun.. if he has full control it sucks donkey balls.
Female thor!? Stupid and waste of time. Don't watch this garbage.
This was a total decception, this movie was so bad, the villain had so much potencial and they ruined it entirely, this might be the worst marvel movie ever, I liked more Iron Man 2.
I think the movie was good, with lots of special effects, the colours and very entertaining. I would love to see more god representations, but overall very good film.
A very goofy movie where the plots seriousness gets lost. It serves important storypoints with overdone humor and misses out on having actual important event displayed as such.
It is relatively entertaining, but not worth remembering.
The balance of being funny and serious was perfect in Ragnarok. Unfortunately Love and Thunder went too far down the silly side and wasted a great villain. Christian Bale was then best part of the move.
Who among the crew watched this movie and thought it's going to blow everyone's mind😂 
Sharknado movies are better than this one.
Thor 4: for the love of Thor please make it stop. Some great scenes and new characters, but the writing is bad, and the bad guy is lame.

What was up with that every kid can be Thor scene? it's like they were trying hard to get kids to go to theme parks. 

3 out of 4 Thors are bad. I think it's time to sunset Thor so that Hemsworth can finally stop making bad movies and taking steroids. I'm worried about his health, and surely he must have enough money by now.
I wish we could have seen more Jane Foster as Thor. Personally, I dislike how the movie ended and think we missed out on real character development. Thor feels like he lost his common sense, and the jokes don't land for me--screaming goats? Really? Gorr is a heavily underutilized villain and is terrifying in short bursts. Overall, missed opportunities all around.
After the last few appearances of Chris Hemsworth (Thor) in the MCU, I could not wait to see where his epic tale would take him next. I could not be more disappointed to find out that it took him here. With so much trauma, growth, and development being thrown out the window, this film turns our hero into a simplistic fool that cannot possibly have stood toe-to-toe with the Mad Titan and lived to tell the story. With a great director and great actors, you have to wonder how no one stopped the ridiculously childish humor, the unnatural pacing, and the story that goes from drama to comedy and repeats faster than you can blink. There are some redeeming features, such as some of the visuals and the little we see of Christian Bale (Gorr), but they are wasted underneath the burned memory of screaming goats. Everybody makes mistakes, unfortunately, Taika made this one.
It was ok for the most part however there were certain things that I had problems with. Some of the comedy was too much, almost every single serious moment was set aside for a joke. My viewing experience when I saw this in theaters I was baked which was probably the only way that I could enjoy it.
Ouch. This movie was bad. It felt like a skit of the actual thing and ruins a great villain in Gorr the God Butcher. Every line in the movie feels like a joke which ruins the movie and may be the worst movie in the MCU. Can't believe we went from Ragnarok to this.
O filme tem um humor que ao longo dos anos de Marvel ficou ressacado e sem graça, mas em questão de ação o filme é meio termo, com um final sujo e indigno Marvel.
Dont waste your time on this "masterpiece"!
Terrible, it literally looks like a parody of Marvel movies. The film only knows how to make lame jokes and not even in sad moments does the film take things seriously. If you haven't seen it yet, don't watch it. Honestly the worst film I've ever seen.
One of the marvel movies that is most faithful to the comics, deeply enjoyed it.
This movie manages to entertain and has its moments...but compared to its predecessor it falls quite short. It feels more like a comedy movie than a superhero movie.
Thor 4 was a trash, mediocre movie. It just sucked because of the awful CGI. What were they thinking? The villain was ok I guess. But his motive was just stupid. Like yeah sure, his backstory with his daughter is tragic but why the frick did bro kill gods? Why didn't he just go to eternity and wish them dead in the first place?
A bit disappointing compared to part 3, but still a good movie. Thor has become kind of a parody of himself. Sad moments and funny moments are not well balanced. Many scenes are nevertheless great. This movie is kind of a puzzle - awesome and bad parts, not well combined.
Liked the price but not the execution of it.
It undercut so much development that was made of Thor and Val, I still don't understand why the kids were involved in the fight as well or why was Mighty Thor killed 😕
it doesn't surpass Ragnarok. which is nearly perfect for a more comedic marvel movie. but It has some good stuff. it's funny, tho some of the jokes deserve more of a chuckle, and some a good eye roll. Still thors character arch is one of the best.
the ending was the worst
It's enjoyable and fun.
Thor love and thunder is a good watch. It gives a mix of emotions, which is enhanced by the excellent acting job of most actors. The villain is undoubtedly the most interesting character of the film and is very well played by Christian Bale.
Awful. Bunch of "fart" jokes and really ruined the storyline of Jane and The god butcher. The weapons being their own entities and being jealous and fighting was beyond ridiculous. Zeus was portrayed horribly. Just really a flop after the last Thor movie was so great.
Overpromised and underdelivered... Chris Hemsworth tries so hard to carry this, but the story doesn't do enough to utilize Christian Bale as Gorr. Add in some absurd cameos for some sad attempts at scene stealing and you get a messy story with more misses than hits. 3.5/10.
WTF is this. Too many jokes that aren't funny sometimes. Korg was annoying, The worst marvel movie ever
I watched it and thought it was a shame, no charismatic character, no character that aroused empathy, rubbish from beginning to end, except for the fanservice that doesn't save the film.
I was so excited for this movie after Ragnarok but it definitely didn't deliver.
I personally found it too comedic for the very serious story it was trying to tell, but there's some standout sequences that make it worth a watch.
Fiquei triste de ver o que fizeram com uma saga de um herói tão formidável, ficou péssimo...
Another fun movie from Taika! Great to see Chris Helmsworth continue with this character, as well as great to see the rest of the cast! I think I'd like to see a more mature Thor after everything the character has been through, but I see Thor's silliness as his coping mechanism for the trauma he's been through. 

In the future, I'd love to see a more mature Thor who has learned to deal with his trauma with a little more seriousness, but I'll never complain about watching another Thor adventure.
One of the best movies of all time.
This could have been so much better. Did not like how dumb Thor is now being portrayed.
Absolutely terrible, all the character growth (Thor) destroyed with a million & 1 terrible jokes that never stopped.
They had a great character of Gorr to utilise & they ruined it, he is supposed to be the god butcher but we only see him kill 1 god, there was not enough screen time it all seemed to focused on bad jokes that didn't land.
The CGI screaming goats were the best part about this movie but even they couldn't save this mess.
The movie had to make not like a joke but they did so this is my least favourite mcu film ever
Meh, you can do it better, Marvel
Don't understand why people hate this movie.  It wasn't great but it didn't make me want to walk out of the movie theater or throw something at the TV.  Definitely watchable
Only good thin about this movie was Christian Bale
Kind nice, i like a lot this movie
You can tell Taika didn't care about this as much as Ragnarok. On that one, it was with reckless abandon. With this one, it's abandon ship.
Terrible, as bad as Thor 2. How can someone have made both Thor 3 and 4 when part 3 maybe the 4th or 5th best Marvel movie and Thor 4 is maybe a bottom 5 Marvel movie.
I liked that it was a true comic book style movie.

I disliked the fact that it was a comic book movie that was seemingly written by an 8 year old.
This is the worst Thor Movie.
Cara o filme é o pior de todos meu Deus como esse filme é ruim é um verdadeiro besteirol.
bad film with horrible CGI and a messy plot and villain. it's worth watching for the guardians tho.
The film tries to live up to Thors third adventure with hulk, but without him it decides to throw everything that makes this movie stand out to the side and make way for second grade humor.
It was a good end of the thor series
What on earth was this, genuinely? Marvel, stop trying to be funny with every line, it doesn't work.
Destroyer thor, thanks you disney
I like this film more than most people but I understand why people don't like it. it's whacky, goofy and doesn't take anything seriously but contains some great-shot action, gorgous looking CGI and one of the MCU's best villains with Christian Bale's Gorr. it decides to add in a love triangle between Thor, Mjolnir and Stormbreaker which I find bizzarre. 8.5/10
every waking moment of this god forsaken movie made me violently angry. Every word out of Thor's mouth made me wish Thanos had in fact killed us all. I pray that this is  all in fact some depraved nightmare, so I may rest easy knowing this movie never really happened.
Entertaining, but too packed with cringe/completely unneeded parts. Weak writing on this one, some scenes seem straight to DVD level.
I love the Mighty Thor and God Butcher, but this was horrible.  It was like someone asked how many stupid 5 year old jokes could you fit in a movie and the challenge was accepted.
Just over the line of far too silly. Still amusing. But too silly.
While the story here is pretty thin, Taika Waititi direction and sense of humour lifts this movie up from being something less than ordinary.
Crap. Too campy. Thor made to be buffoon and butt of too many jokes. Better than Quantumania but not by much. Marvel is making so many meh movies and the trend continues.
Huge disappointment as a huge fan of comics and the MCU I don’t know how this happened the god butcher was an awesome story in the comics they ruined it
"This movie could have had a lot of potential. In the end though it was filled with nothing but disappointment.  The performances were phoned in and the story was weak. The only enjoyable thing about this movie was the cameo from the Gaurdians Of The Galaxy. Besides that Thor Love and Thunder was a big swing and a miss!"
I love 💗 💕  ❤️ Thor 4 one of my favorite movies it was action pack sexy nudity was hot 🥵 clever shocking relatable fun I love kids I really hope Thor  5  comes back I love 💗 💕  ❤️ Messila McCarthy cameo I didn't see that coming but I love her role 4 star ⭐️ 💫 🌟  ⭐️ Star movie
This movie had so much potential when u first saw the trailers. But seriously when I watched it, I just thought this was in fact the worst movie I've ever watched in the mcu. This movie was a huge waste. Terrible plot, terrible finale, annoying goats, very cringe humour, and Gorr was a huge waste in the movie. Really made the mcu look like it was mess. The only pro about this movie was Natalie Portman as mighty Thor. The rest of this movie sucked.
This movie sucksssss the bad guy ok so i'll give it half a star
Expectation is a funny thing. I expected absolute trash, and there I was enjoying the film.  Russell Crowe was a scene stealer.
Simply the laziest writing in a movie I have ever seen. Feels like the script was written by a highschool creative writing class.
So good AND THE GOATS ARE AWESOME it also has some humor
I had high hopes that maybe Taika Waititi would be able to actually better characterize Jane Foster after what the previous two films did to her but what happened here?
Christian Bale. An actor that has had a lot of different roles, but rarely plays a villain. He steals the movie from everyone else and captivates audiences with his frightening portrayal of Gorr. Taika Waititi is one of the best at implementing comedy into an action movie and has made one of the funniest films of the MCU. However, the amount of jokes and humor takes away slightly from the seriousness of the plot. The inclusion of Natalie Portman does not make a whole lot of sense plot-wise, but fans are happy to see her return nevertheless. Between all the color and scenery in the shots to the emotional backstory of the antagonist, Thor: Love and Thunder is worth the watch simply to see how Christian Bale kills his role, just watch out for screaming goats.
This movie's opening scenes could have been very emotional and great to watch if it was taken seriously. Really sad moments which could have been capitalized on were totally shit on and made into bad comedy. The second half of the movie wasn't all bad except it felt really cheesy and some things absolutely didn't make sense. The main villain can only carry this movie so much.
How to ruin an amazing character...
Christian Bale provides an amazing villain who has good intentions but is radicalised by them. Chris Hemsworth literally becomes Thor as he looks like an actual God. However, for what Ragnarok did so well in its comedic timing is overused in Love and Thunder which ruins the film
So disappointed with this failed attempt to mix CGI, superheroes and humor along and with a casting to dream for. 
In the MCU production, only Guardians of the Galaxy succeeded to date in captivating the audience with storytelling, action, creative thinking and being very funny altogether at the same time.
Unfortunately, after this movie, the Thor franchise - and character for that matter - will find it hard, if ever, to recover.
I have no idea why the rating is so high, this movie was like a fever dream. Thor, a character with one of the most tragic backstories in the entire MCU, becomes a laughingstock. But hey, haha, stripping a man completely nacket in front of idk how many people is just too funny, right? Who cares about Thor as a character anyways, he‘s a comedian now!
This film was so incredibly tedious , I just switched off, it was too silly, just a constant barrage of cringey joke after joke, it was overkill. It felt more like a parody of a marvel film rather than a real story with heart or the next chapter of Thor's story. There also wasn't any real character development or much depth to the film. All in all it was just mindless silly humour that's tiresome. Needs a change of direction & director
Es una gran película para Thor
Thor: Love and Thunder tries to brign some kind of fresh and "funny" spin to the Thor franchise, but it ends up just being repeats of previous films, and more importantly, not funny.
All people hates this movie for the last scene but a true Marvel fan will understand the situation .
Nao tem nada neste filme que se salva, comedia exagerada.
This movie completely ruins Thor's character. The movie is trivial and itself seems like a narcissistic endeavor for the director--- he doesn't really care whether the the movie is enjoyable. There is a bit of fun with humor but there is too much of it and it too often trivializes would should be held sacred. The movie is what it wanted to be-- a big joke.
Couldn’t make it to half the movie. The first two movies were good. The last two horrific. Someone please get this franchise away from Disney.
Jane and Gorr are the standouts and the message about love will touch your heart
É um filme bem divertido, ri bastante e me diverti, poréeeeem, assim como todas fase 4 da Marvel é muito esquecivel e sem perigo. Achei o Gor um vilão muito pika e é isso.
I guess this isn't a popular opinion, but I actually loved this movie! It's my favorite Thor. The cast was amazing and the story was both fun and moving. I will watch this many times over.
Not a terrible movie however it was completely unnecessary. The inclusion of Gorr the God Butcher was okay. Brining back Natalie Portman didn't really serve any kind of purpose. Still entertaining.
These kinds of movies make me dislike superhero films.
Simply put, this is easily the worst movie the MCU has ever produced. I'd rather have to watch Eternals and The Batman on loop for 24 hours than have to suffer through this sh*t show a second time.
El villano es perfecto pero la película...
I can't believe I'm rating a Taika film this low but honestly it just felt like a rushed assignment that originally had a good premise. I'm not sure what it is but Taika is no longer the co, unique creative, indie filmmaker from NZ. Seems fame has gone to his head and he has forgotten his roots and consequently, his creativity.
"Love and Thunder" Review: Lightning Doesn't Strike Twice

The Marvel Cinematic Universe returns with "Love and Thunder", and while it dazzles with its usual flair for visual spectacle, it feels as though the franchise has taken two massive steps backwards.

For those who live for the electrifying action sequences and high-end visual effects, "Love and Thunder" delivers. The MCU seldom disappoints on that front. But for those yearning for the compelling story arcs and consistent pacing that anchored its predecessors, this installment might leave you wanting.

Christian Bale, known for bringing depth and gravitas to his roles, once again proves why he's among the elite in Hollywood. However, even his stellar performance couldn't breathe life into a character that feels disappointingly underdeveloped. It's a testament to Bale's prowess that he shines despite this, but one wishes he had been given more to work with.

Where "Ragnarok", directed by the same Taika Waititi, struck a delicate balance of humor, action, and emotion, "Love and Thunder" seems to lose its way. Waititi, in trying to amplify the humor quotient, overreaches. The subtlety and fresh comedic elements we loved in "Ragnarok" seem replaced by louder and more repetitive beats in this outing.

In conclusion, while "Love and Thunder" parades its visual might and benefits from Bale's masterful acting, it lacks the nuanced blend of storytelling and humor that made "Ragnarok" a standout. For MCU enthusiasts, this might be a visual treat, but for those seeking the narrative depth and tonal balance of its predecessor, it may feel like a jarring misstep rather than a progressive leap forward.
Absolutely wasted the character of Gorr the God Butcher AND Christian Bale.
I am a HARD CORE Marvel fan, but this movie is ridiculous!  It seems like one big joke, and the whole movie could be in the extras as bloopers and gags.  I did like the end of the movie however as it was the only part that didn't feel like a bad joke. The Thor play done by actors (Matt Damon etc) was a good part, and more entertaining than the movie.
Family guy episode repackaged as marvel with less effort
I did not like it.  Way too much jokey jokes.  Made the whole thing a joke.  A big, unfunny, joke.
I love thoroughly !! Rune king thor next movie???
So many good things in this movie, but the plot was not one of them. Continues the Marvel tradition of contradicting previous movies, but not in a way that creates a better story. Better than Multiverse of Madness is about the most positive thing I can say.
Christian Bale was great as always but they ruined the character and had more terrible CGI.
The imagery is quite unique and Chris Hemsworth puts in his all, but this messy, loud and thinly written flick too often feels like a rehash of its predecessor, and therefore falls flat on its face.
This is how you ruin a franchise. It's bad. Thor is now a parody. The only thing I enjoyed was Christian Bale. He did his best. Unfortunately all that is buried under whatever this film is supposed to be. Good job Disney.
Love and Thunder is goofy to the max, but bright colors and a touch of heart make it  turn out okay.
Excesso de exageros. Prefiro um ritmo mais dark ou com menos exageros em um filme de Herói.
Nooooooooo. That was horrible.
Actors are amazing but this was just way too silly. The CGI was pretty ordinary too. They need to get back to the essence of Thor - serious thunder god.
This movie was way too goofy for my liking. For a movie with Gorr the God Butcher, there wasn't enough god butchering shown on screen. He wasn't really shown as a threat at all. And Thor's character progression since the end of Infinity War has been awful. He's just a joke of a character now. This movie needed to be dark and serious and Taika Waititi made it a goofy and jokey children's movie. Massively disappointed.
Thor: Love and Thunder is the worst film in the Multiverse saga, its soundtrack is great, the action scenes are poorly produced, the script is bad, and the visuals and photography don't save this film.
Very good I dont know why this movie gets hate
Mostly dumb. It doesn't seem to add much in terms of Marvel Lore. I felt nothing for the characters even though I have been a fan if Thor since the get go. And they missed a huge opportunity of having an epic battle scene with all the universes gods.

Overall it was amusing in some parts but actually it was just very forced and boring.
It was great, but definitely lacked depth. There was no connection to the characters to feel emotional about anything. Felt a bit like a parody.
Simply a much worse version of Ragnarok.
Eu só posso dizer que é triste... Triste o mais forte dos heróis ser transformado em um idiota abobalhado e que em nada se parece com os quadrinhos, só tem o nome. É um filme ruim em qualidade gráfica, direção muito ruim, roteiro muito fraco, aproveitamento péssimo de um vilão que poderia ser incrível.
Não tem nada bom, de verdade. Eu gosto de Thor, mas esse filme é horrível.
I liked it generally, too much cheese and unseriousness but I liked it.
Sucked, Disney needs to be outlawed.
The MCU clearly went downhill since the end of Phase 3 but this has to be the worst movie they’ve produced. While the likes of The Marvels was bad, Love And Thunder literally gave me a headache. Taika needs to stick to small budget independent movies and Marvel needs to hire writers and directors who have respect for the lore.
so funny and silly and adventurous went so places so crazy and yes i am zeus
It tried and failed to replicate ragurock, worth watching if you have nothing better to watch
This movie gets a touch over-hated on the social medias.  While it is nowhere close to how good Thor: Ragnarok is, it is also still not close to being the worst Thor movie.  Some of the jokes were childish and overused (Looking specifically at the Goat.  The screaming was funny the first and second time, and definitely not, by the seemingly 70th, and 71st time they did it in the movie).  While I loved the humor on Ragnarok, it was way over the top in this movie, especially for a movie with a story line about finding out someone has cancer, and a villain who is murdering Gods.  Christian Bales performance, albeit rare, was really well done, and they should not have cut as many Gorr scenes as they did, to be a full-fledged comedy.  Some of the scenes were heartfelt, however, and the end-credits were well done.  Overall, gave it a 71.9/100.  Go see for yourself!
So sorry to have to say this but its probably the worst marvel movie, they have made the thor character out to be a bumbling fool that lumbers from one stupid mistake to the next, I can see what they where trying to achieve but they had been given to much budget and free rain for this movie, I hope we see thor again but I also hope we see a more intelligent movie for him next time.
This is the definition of a rollacoaster, you get to the cinema, laugh yourself out and you're done. The Jane plot and main villain are so cool yet it's over shadowed by the whole lol funny quip of the movie.
Good movie. Very entertaining. Only thing I didn't liked was Gorr didn't get proper screen time.
Another Incredible comedy movie for Thor! Loved seeing Olympus in the MCU! Very enjoyable! A must watch!
It was not as good as the other Thor movie.  Gorr had wasted potential and the inclusion of Jane Foster was bad.  It did improve after the fight with Zeus but the main problem with the movie is that they try too hard to be like the previous one.  Thor Ragnarok was good because the jokes were funny and the movie was serious when it had to be. This movie doesn't take a literal being slaughtering gods seriously at all but instead makes unfunny jokes instead of showing Gorr doing what he is known for.  Talented actors like Christian Bale don't come around very often to play interesting characters like Gorr. Bale even said he would never play a comic book character again after the Dark Knight Rises but he came back to play this Gorr and instead of making him interesting they just wasted him.  I understand that they can't make the Necrosword a symbiote like it is in the comics but they should have at least tried harder than that.
Ragnarok redux, but not as bad as they say. Christian Bale does enough.
This movie was so bad. It made little to no sense. The entire thing felt like a mental collapse into schizophrenia. Enough girl bossing to cover a feminist wet dream and then some. All bandaged together by flashy CGI and brain dead 12yo humor. Just another money grab for Disney with a complete lack of substance that the countless brain sponges love to consume like cattle.
Probably the weakest of the Marvel movies.  Still funny and good; however, the director should have used the villain more.  Generally weak writing.
I don't understand the bad reviews. Watching this film was just plain fun. I laughed, I cried, I enjoyed it all the way through. There's really nothing else I wanted out of this movie. It's not crazy deep, not thick with lore or anything. It's  just… good. 11/10
78/100 The best thing about this movie was Thor's Costume and no not buns out Thor.
If you thought marvel had done "Big and Dumb" bigger and dumber than anything else, just wait until you see Marvel doing big and dumb with a soundtrack containing FOUR Guns n' Roses songs!

Genuinely fun, not actually very good
After delaying it for a while, I finally watched it, and sadly, it's the WORST Marvel movie to date!  It's the first time, I had to force myself to watch a Marvel movie to the end. They tried too hard to be funny, but the humor was just average, and the attempt to add depth to the story felt forced and cheesy.

The way they tried to develop the characters was anything but subtle. The movie lacked any real suspense, or substabce and the fight scenes were silly. I could list more issues, but I've already wasted too much time on this pathetic disaster.

One good point was how they addressed cancer in the script. But overall, I'm glad I didn't pay to see this disappointing movie in a theater. Marvel, please don't make another one like this!
one of the worst movies i have seen in my life.
i had a hard time finishing this movie because of all the unnecessary jokes during serious moments, idk how taika waititi thought this was a great idea and idk what the writers were thinking by implementing that many jokes in this movie. towards the end some aspects were weird but i enjoyed it, the final scenes of jane foster and thor were emotional, visually stunning its just unfortunate it was unbearable due to jokes, gorr wasnt utilize much at all although he gave me a sense of fear and hopelessness he did not deliver but christian bale's performance was amazing its just sad the character wasnt utilize to the fullest, and after ragnarok thor was mighty and he felt godly but in this movie he just felt less of a god and more of a comedian.
My guess is that the extended cut/director’s cut is way better. Gorr (Bale) needed more screen time. Way too goofy of a plot and ending, the film felt completely unserious by the end.
The costumes look like they were all ordered off Amazon last minute. There was a poor balance of comedic and serious moments. Who was the target audience? The movie seemed like it was geared towards a family/young audience but was far too inappropriate. Thor randomly being naked in front of Zeus was obviously for adult fans and the god killer was way too dark for a child audience. It was odd they decided to make cancer stronger than all the gods. If the hammer came back together to protect Jane it didn't make sense to have it sap her power every time she used it. It didn't make sense to have "the god killers" daughter come back to life on earth and suddenly have superpowers. I appreciate that Disney was attempting to be creative but they went in so many different directions with this film that didn't make sense or follow logic of previous Thor movies.
Worst marvel movie by far. I don't know how they went from thor ragnarok my favorite marvel movie and with mostly the same cast and the same director and absolute ruin everything that made Ragnarok great.
What a disappointment of a movie! So much potential with the cast and the last movie being so good. The film doesn't take itself seriously at all. Some characters that die just seem to randomly come back to life.
The movie was excactly my humor but it suffers from being cut down to much. Chrstian bale is a great gore but he has not enough screentime to fully show this characters potential. The whole story line should have been very dark but the mix between comedy and dark movie just didnt work. Taika waititi had ful control of the movie and may have had to much overconfidence in his comedical talent. It definitely is a must watch but dont expect too much
Cringe, ruining the character arcs with a joke at every turn, 

Ragnerok had a brilliant ability for one scene to be full of jokes and the next fairly serious, this was just abysmal, real shame for what was one of marvels last great superhero's 

Lady sif would've been a better story arc than following Natalie Portman down that rabbit hole again,
Worst one of all the Thor movies.
This movie was such a disappointment man... I had some high hopes after Thor 3, which was great, but this was just bad. Gorr was great but everything else about this movie just did not work for me.
With strong performances from Hemsworth and Bale, Thor: Love and Thunder unfortunately leans heavily into the exaggerated humour and style established in Ragnarok, at times bordering on parody.
I thought it was pretty funny and sometimes it just wasn't at all great just horrible humor and characters gorr carried tho
Cliche, sometimes dull but generally entertaining. It is better to see this movie for its jokes rather than the story it tries to exhibit.
This was the biggest disappointment in marvel history
Thor was good movie little bad the movie needing more actions the funny part was Thor and Peter the funny part
It had a lot of fun parts but they robbed Thor of his masculinity, made him seem weak and made him a single dad. Not my idea of a great super hero movie.
It had funny parts Christian bale was great like always
I don't even know what to say… This was one of the worst MCU movies ever and do not let anyone try to fool you or tell you otherwise. From the forced unfunny humor every second, to the awful dialogue, and lack of a seriousness or any true feelings, this movie definitely derailed the MCU and confirmed the projected path of trouble the whole Marvel Universe has been in after the dramatic conclusion of Endgame. Completely missed the mark, wasting Christian Bale and the fascinating threat Gorr could have been. And lastly, made Thor and his whole persona into a complete idiot that is only there for comic relief. I do not hate comedy and the humor in the MCU when it is done subtly and correctly like the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise. But not when it completely misses the mark and over saturates the product to the point that the most powerful hero in the MCU who has been through trials and tribulations is turned into this. What a slap to the face of Chris Hemsworth, who is suffering and one of the main advocates for changes to be made expeditiously. The MCU movies and the fragile future of this universe needs drastic changes that I do not see Disney doing or even caring to consider.
I loved the first "Thor" movie and have seen a handful of Marvel movies. I enjoy the characters and love Natalie Portman. But I really feel like these actors were wasted on a horrible plot line and too many dumb action tropes. The plot had so many holes I could have strained my spaghetti. I was okay with it until the ending, which was so poorly done. Why was Thor's hammer "using" Jane? Has Thor always had the power to give others his power temporarily as he did with the kids? Why on earth does an Infinity Source "God" need a recently made weapon as a "key" to unlock it and why on earth give a single wish to the "first" there? And this "heartfelt" conversation in the end where our bad guy selfishly uses his single wish to bring his daughter back (not wishing Jane to be well), leaving a kid I don't care about with Thor? Is this supposed to be meaningful and heartwarming?
The last Thor movie was delightful, funny and really great to watch. This movie, that I watched at the movie, made me feel angry, offended and treated as a child with low IQ. The humour was aweful, the script was terrible. Every single scene was worst then the previous one. Only one good part can be considered about the role of Christian Bale, that for me he was completely wasted in this movie. A real disaster. I literally threw away my monet to see this rubbish.
CGI desgraçado, roteiro sem pé nem cabeça, fan service desnecessário (só para aumentar o "hype" do filme), atuações medianas
Que triste que transformaram um dos heróis mais bad ass da Marvel em um cara piadista e fraco muitas vezes.
This movie is not good. The jokes are not funny and they were too plentiful. The characters are annoying and were a lot better in Thor Ragnarok. This movie also manages to pull off the major crime of wasting Christian Bale, who by the way, is the best part of this whole mess of a film. His performance is scary and sympathetic, but he's barely in the film, and the more serious sides of the story were drowned out in favor of the next lame and unfunny joke. This movie was not good at all and phase 4 truly deserves the name phase bore. No Way Home and Moon Knight were really good though.
It tries too hard to recreate the comedy of the last Thor movie but it barely makes me laugh. The Villian though Christian Bale gives a great performance is poorly written as he seeks revenge on all gods because they didn't help him in his daughter but yet kidnaps kids in order to bring Thor to him I just feel it could have been written better. Also the weird jealousy romance with Stormbreaker and a Mjolner is very cringe. Its whole premise is a comedy that doesn't make me laugh but about two times.
Honestly this movie was a waste of my time. It was too silly, and the humor was juvenile. I couldn't take the plot seriously and they wasted Christian Bale. I was relieved when the credits rolled
I didn’t like this. Visually cool tho.
I loved this movie. It was a very fun film. Chris Hemsworth, Christian Bale, Natalie Portman, and Russel Crowe were all fantastic, and the script was one of the best I've ever seen
Excessively stupid. The icing on the cake of the biggest screwup in Hollywood history that is the MCU phase 4
Pretty fun, had some faults but good
How does this movie have such a high score? Terrible forced humor undermines any real sense of drama. “Thor, Ragnarok” had the balance of humor and drama done right. This one just felt insulting to the integrity of the characters.
My god was this movie bad. In an attempt to recreate the outstanding movie named Thor: Ragnarok, Marvel Studios produced one of the worst movies I have seen in a while.
A Great villain wasted.
Looked great with the retro style and had some decent comedy
The biggest letdown MCU has pushed out.  Too much comedy, no emotion, Bale is the only person who showed up to make a movie.  Terrible was to portray Thor, especially if this was his last Chris Hemsworth appearance.
I was super excited when it was coming out because I loved Thor Ragnarok and this was made by the same director.  Unfortunately this one is no where near as good.  It undercuts every important part with jokes and somehow this is some of the worst CGI in marvel.
Not as bad as everyone makes it out to be, but not great either. It seems the MCU thought that the silly comedy of Ragnarok was the only thing that made it good, so they doubled down here.
How I rate movies
1. Not annoying
2. Consistent characters
3. A well thought out plot and well concluded ending
4. Does it inspire me
5. I will watch this literally over and over again on a loop

1. The 80s was a lot
2. Why did they all suddenly decide that Thor wanted children?  Ah, for the sake of their arbitrary plot
3. Picking the non obvious ending doesn't make you a good writer, it means the ending was all set up and it was broken, and not in a wow cool mind-blowing way.  Were it set up well it would be beautiful and heart touching, as it is I feel nothing for this child, other than confusion as to how the ending is supposed to be happy.

4. Meh
5. Nope
Just don't bother. I wish the best for Chris Hemsworth as he's a fantastic actor who deserves better then how his Thor has been portrayed.
This was such an epic let down. The potential of many character here was absolutely wasted, and I can't understand how Crowe, or Bale were ever on board with this. It's odd too because Ragnarok was such an amazing film. Personally I think creative decisions were made rashly over content (which appears almost completely discarded), as the story is a mess. Some parts work (primarily those with Bale or Portman), but Waititi's inclusion of himself in this film as the comic relief was starting to become stale, as was the goat bit. The culmination also did not leave me with much to look forward too, but that remains to be seen.
We all thought Chris Hemsworth was done and hung up his beloved hammer as the God of Thunder Well not quite…Thor is back and searching for who he wants to be rather than what he should be; more of finding self-actualization Taking place after the events of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ and returning Kiwi director Taika Watiti Thor decided to leave Earth along with the Guardians of the Galaxy to find his true purpose And who should he run into while on this journey of self-discovery? None other than his ex-girlfriend Jane Foster played by Natalie Portman! It’s officially been 8 years since they saw each other but parted ways (off-screen too since Portman made it clear the first two Thor movie did not do wonders for her or her career) Now Jane is back but most amazing of all is that now she can possess the power of Mjonjir!!! She has become Lady Thor Also a new enemy named Gorr the God Butcher is set out to kill the gods and Thor along with Korg and Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie who became king of New Asgard on Earth re-unite to stop it They even come across Zeus himself played by Russell Crowe for help This 4th entry of the God of Thunder is a lot of fun much like ‘Ragnarok’ though it might be trying too hard to emulate it The opening has Christian Bale as Gorr in a desolate wasteland having his daughter die in his arms When the god his people worshipped appears and shuns him Gorr becomes vengeful He then takes up a dark blade called the Necrosword He even seeks a being called Eternity that'll grant any wish We find out Jane is actually dying from stage 4 cancer and seeks a cure New Asgard has turned into a fruitful tourist attraction with Valkyrie working with public relations and endorsements as well Taika Watiti still brings that lovable silly attitude with dozens of slick jokes and humor The film even acts as a silly romantic comedy of having Thor and Jane butt heads along with each of their weapons getting jealous of one another but also reflecting on how they both grew apart over time The music choices with Guns N' Roses add a nice layer with gods and punk/metal rock style None of us know how long we have, never helps to close ourselves off, should we believe in gods even if they never show up?, maybe there's no eternal reward, love is all what we truly seek, we should keep our hearts open Really love how Portman as Jane gets a proper treatment with her character getting a second life and Thor finding closure with himself learning to not shut himself off anymore Valkyrie is lovable as always missing the battles of old and Korg providing the tales of their adventures even recalling what audiences aren't familiar with Gorr you do feel sympathy and he's a scary looking villain, yet he comes off at times just a cookie cutter bad guy just killing for the sake of it and barely showing up Crowe as Zeus is way more flamboyant and hilarious than the dignified god we’re used to in mythology There’s amazing set pieces and color schemes that stand out The ending is quite a bittersweet one too for both leads tying up loose ends Watiti can't quite better himself past ‘Thor: Ragnarok’ but you can tell he still has a flair for the silly, goofy out of this world feel making the MCU bigger, brighter, flashier, and more colorful Laughs, action, terrific art direction, and colorful characters are gladly plentiful in this chapter of the Marvel Cinematic Universe despite some shortcomings The mid credits scene looks like it'll set up more battles ahead for Hemsworth due to his stubborn actions as this character For some there might be tonal shifts and too much emphasis on comedy but this movie in particular isn’t afraid to be full of levity without being too overly self-serious for the God of Thunder
The worst Thor film, was more like a comedy spoof film, and Marvel shoving the woke stupidness down our throats again, we don't need to know that Corg had 2 Dads or that Valkyrie is in to Women and refers to herself as "King" instead of Queen. Nonsense.
The cgi is pretty mid and the plot is quite boring and childish
I had a good time seeing Thor: Love and Thunder. Chris Hemsworth did an amazing job as Thor and Tessa Thompson as well. There are three things I loved this movie was the comedy, the action, and the one and only JANE FOSTER aka THE MIGHT THOR!!!! I thought Natalie Portman did an awesome job portrayed the character, I haven’t read the mighty Thor comics but I found very concerned. At the end of the day, she is my top 10 MCU characters of all time. The rest of the movie was ok, the problems I had was the writers. I know Taika Waititi was the co-writer of this movie, the Oscar winner for best screenplay in “Jojo Rabbit”, I think he did a little too much for making a lot of jokes. “Thor: Ragnarok” is my favorite Thor movie. I loved Christian Bale as the villainous Gorr the god butcher. Overall it was enjoyable movie!! Definitely can’t wait to see what’s next for Thor.
It had some fun moments, and Portman is a gem, but overall is junk. I thought Ragnorok was brilliant and pitch perfect, and is still one of my favorite Marvel movies, but in this one Watiti seems to phone it in, ending is tedious.
Unica nota di positivo del film è la presenza di Christian bale , finito
After the shift in theme and tone of Thor: Ragnorak, I was pumped to see what Taika Waititi would do with Thor: Love and Thunder especially when it was said that Natalie Portman would return in her role as Jane, the Guardians of the Galaxy would be appearing, and Christian Bale would be playing the villain! Who knew the apple could fall so far from the tree, Waititi takes what was great about Ragnorak and doubles down on everything, especially the comedy. The movie sets itself up to be a great and compelling movie as the introduction of Gorr and the opening sequence with the Guardians was great. And about after 15 or so minutes, the Guardians are gone, and the film goes about downhill from there. The movie insists on placing these untimely jokes every few minutes which by not even the halfway mark in what is a movie that just barely scratches the surface of two hours ends up getting annoying and leaves you waiting for the movie to end. Chris Hemsworth is great as always as I think he has been great in the role since the beginning and has adjusted to so many different iterations of the character and Christian Bale gives the best performance, he can with the poor script he was given. The movie like other Marvel films relies heavily on CGI which is very poorly done in this film. Taika Watiti as good as Thor: Ragnorak was, might be a one hit wonder, at least in the MCU.
This film is a case of having a great idea, great cast, and great antagonist ruined by too much humor. I would say the best part of the movie was Gorr, who was the only serious part of the whole project.
Bad movie, entertaining but cheep story
One of the worst marvel movies
❤️⚡️🐬😅
I find it to be a pleasing parody of the hypocritical superhero genre. Stupid jokes, awesome visuals, fun soundtrack and silly love story.
It gave me what I genuinely expected, without trying to overdo it like most of the MCU and superhero movies do.
To me TaikaW emphasized the SH industrie's natural emptiness.
Just sit back, relax and have fun 😉
It doesn't even feel like the MCU. From screaming goats to split kicks, this movie is overall wacky in an awful way.
Esse filme foi uma das maiores decepções q já tive, desperdiçaram um vilão incrível e um ator excepcional. Pegaram duas das histórias mais épicas dos quadrinhos do Thor e transformaram em uma comédia ruim.
Movie is just focused on comedy and not actual story telling. Also, movie kills one of the new characters that could have been used to make this film better.
Not worth the time to see it. If you go to  a dark room whit nothing happening, you at least get a better time.
"Thor: Love and Thunder" presents an interesting story that unfortunately suffers from a rushed and shallow execution. The narrative takes numerous shortcuts, resulting in a lack of depth and a missed opportunity to fully explore its potential. The humor, while initially entertaining, becomes repetitive as similar funny moments are recycled throughout the film. Christian Bale delivers an outstanding performance, yet regrettably, his talents feel wasted within the confines of the screenplay. On the other hand, the remaining main cast members give commendable performances, doing their best to inject energy into the film. Overall, "Thor: Love and Thunder" showcases glimpses of promise, but falls short of its potential due to its rushed narrative and missed character development opportunities.
It leaves one wishing that Taika Waititi had put more effort into crafting a more cohesive and fully realized film.
I wanna love this movie but it was overly funny and didn't have enough guardians but it was sad and had great great scenes
Almost a comedy film. Cringey punchlines.
Worst movie of the MCU!!! It's not even close. Special shout out to Justin. May you live forever
Good and fun but easy to predict
Thor: Love and Thunder just cant be a comedy movie with a Gorr as the main villain.
Yes wasn’t as good as I thought
Great movie! This is probably one of the better movies from the MCU personally.
Flat out cinematic garbage
Good story and lots of fun. Killer performances by the leading actors (especially Christian Bale) and a stellar soundtrack as well. A little less camp would have made it perfect.
It was ok, could have done with a little less turning Thor into a comic relief, but that's the way the studio is going I guess.
Extra star because it had heart
Love this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thor: Ragnarok was a fun, yet serious film that took Thor as a character in a whole new direction, But Thor: Love and Thunder seems to acknowledge it's predecessors success, and goes harder on everything that made Ragnarok good, and ends up being unfunny, having questionable (At times) CGI, Gor (Christian Bale) being an intimidating yet lacklustre villain and awful diologue, makes Thor: Love and Thunder one of the worst entries in the MCU yet.
Resumindo em um palavra: Constrangedor. 👎
It was glow down from Thor: Ragnarok. Definetely it was to short, the story didnt have time to unfold, story of Jane should be so sad but it wasn't and i didnt even have one tears in my eye. Antagonist promised to be epic but again, the dont have enought screen time to show us his power, and this ending... One of the worst for me from all of franchise
The greatest 02 hours: and 05 minutes ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ngl it was pretty hard to watch and I was expecting more from gorr since I thought his gonna give problems to Thor
It was ok, nothing spectacular which was disappointing
Truthfully, I loved it. I know I'm in the minority.
I truly loved Jane in this movie. I was definetly in the mindset before that the best thing they did to Thor was get rid of Jane. I really did not like her before. This movie really turned that around for me, however. I really love what they did with her here and the implications going back to the older Thor movies.
As for Korg - I do think he should have died in this movie. It was a bit odd that he survived.
As for Gorr - I loved how he was portrayed. Definetly one of my favourite MCU villans portrayal-wise, although he was also definetly the weakest link movie-wise. This was because of the SHEER underuse of Gorr. He is called THE god butcher, yet we see him kill exactly one (1) god, with all others conveniently killed off-screen. Gorr could have been so much more - we could have seen some incredible fights, especially in the scene where all the gods had gathered for Zues. That was such an incredible set up for a Gorr the god butcher attack scene, but nothing. Aside from this wasted potential, however, I loved the movie. I suppose it was a "Thor" movie, not a "Gorr" movie, so we did not follow Gorr as he supposedly killed all these gods in such incredible ways that we will never see.
Maybe the worst Thor movie of them all. To goofy and joking and not enough acting.
The weakest of the franchise. I think the story was weak and boring. I did like the goats, pretty funny. Hope the next one has a better story.
dont like it :-( the humour its too much
They've made a joke out of the franchise! why, why, why.....
Maior decepção que já tive em filmes.
It is the worst one yet I have no words…
It was too much of a comedy and way too much Guns n Roses.
The film was ok. The problem is that it was sometimes so goofy that it was unwatchable. The super fun tone didn't fit the deep and emotional storyline. They tried to do a lot in a short time span. Phase 4 continues to be a head scratcher.
I felt this movie to not be as fantastic as some of the other Thor movies . I also felt some of the serious scenes in this movie were ruined because of trying to be funny too much at times .
This movie was almost horrible they ruined Zeus and they ruined gorr the god butcher they did not show gorr killing the gods and thsy made zues fat and non godly Thor gave kids superpowers which was so cringe to me and all of those ugly kids made the movie worse and i didn’t like Jane froster Thor she thought she was all that but she wasn’t she should have died early in the film this movie should have been just like the comic I regret watching this movie
I would normally give a movie like this 2 stars but read I read the God Butcher comic which was so amazing and this is a joke.  I hated every minute of it.  It was bad plus they ruined a comic story.
This show was the most disappointing sequel I've ever seen. The stark contrast to Thor Ragnarok undoubtedly made the shocking lack of skill displayed it's making all the more painful, but even as a standalone film, it is a failure. The idea of Jane Foster being imbued with Thor's powers is awesome and then the writing and direction took a massive dump all over it.
It was ok. Hate that they make Thor look dumb
Not the best Marvel movie, but it was fun to watch.
My least favorite Thor movie. Not sure if they were trying to make a comedy or not. It just fell flat.
I love how they made 2 thors awesome!!! Yasss but when I watched the movie I couldn’t pay any attention to the plot because of Chris and his marvelous body like oh my god and I watched this on PRIDE MONTHHH🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈 YASS SO GOOD THIS MOVIE HAD ME DROOLINGGGGGGG
que verguenza de pelicula humor mediocre e infantil actuaciones y dialogos tontos que perdida de tiempo.
Pésimo guión, pesimos desarrollos de personaje, thor es un pendejo y valkyria me da cringe.
The movie was just meh. The looks of it were alright but the story and characters just weren't amazing. There were deleted scenes that they definitely should have kept in the movie because it truly needs them. Some of the scenes were to goofy even for a thor movie which I personally didn't like, but also were just to goofy to make sense.

I'm am going to praise gorr, aside from his unneeded redemption, he was an amazing character and Christine bale did a good job.
Boring movie, the worst of the 4 Thors.
Taika waititi created cringe with star cast. The characterisation of the every character in this film is too weak and worst. Waititi made Christian Bale (Gorr)  a child kidnapper.
I'll be honest. I went into the movie with extremely low expectations. The story is based on poorly written comic book arc created for the sake of controversy marketing. As such, I expected it to be heavy-handed, on-the-nose and kind of preachy.

I'm pleased to say it wasn't. I'm also pleased that they didn't really call Natalie Portman's character Thor until the very end. This was the specific point of contention for most Thor fans in the comics - it wasn't so much that a woman was wielding Mjonir and its power. There have been other protagonists to do so. The problem was that they called her by HIS name, which is not how that's supposed to work. "Whoever holds the hammer shall posses the POWER of Thor" not "whoever holds the hammer BECOMES Thor." Had they simply given her a different name, I don't think there would have BEEN such a visceral reaction, and I think that Marvel knew that, counted on that, and leaned into that controversy to grab headlines. 

But, I digress. As I said, her name wasn't really pushed in the movie. It didn't have that cringey "cash-in on a social movement" feel you might expect to see going into it. One complaint I did have is that it continued Ragnarock's silliness, which I didn't really care for. The character doesn't need to be all grim-and-gritty all the time; he's not the Punisher, and big celebrations and jovial moments have always been part of the portrayal of Asgardians. Still, at times the last couple of movies have made Thor seem downright clownish.

Still, there was fun to be had, the action was good, I had zero complaints with any of the performances, overall it's fine. 

One last story-point complaint however, ENDING SPOILER AHEAD: So the God Butcher went through allll that to bring back his daughter, and then was all weepy because he was dying, and wouldn't be there to watch over her? HEY DUMB-DUMB! You've got what appears to be a no-limits wish. You can't POSSIBLY be thinking that small. Repeat after me "I want to live a long, happy life with my daughter." There. Now she's back AND you're not dying AND your life together will be happy. easy.
Good, but the worst do the Thor’s movies.
a tremendous bad joke with the character and his history in the comics. Taika made these last 2 films his private amusement park.
Most outrageously bad Marvel movie of them all. Bad jokes. Bad depictions of characters. Lousy villain story buildup. Taka Wakiki or whatever, worst director ever. The script is pure garbage.
Um filme que se perde no romance e na comédia! Deixou a desejar...
Much better than the first two of the Thor series; on par with Ragnarok. I appreciated that this was a self contained film that didn't connect with the multiverse series. My only issue is that we got less Gorr than I would've expected, and I wished for a bit more inclusion of the Guardians of the Galaxy to shed some light on those journeys together. Ultimately this has some high rewatch value on third and fourth viewings.
The film is a parody, unfortunately not a funny one, at least not, if you have a minimum standard of quality. The fact that Hemsworth himself said he would only come back, if the next film was a drastically different version, says it all.
Was boring and most of the jokes fell flat.
Yeah this film sucked
How do you waste Christian Bale?
enjoy the tongue in cheek humor, as well as all the cameos (Matt Damon and Melissa McCarthy)...although I wouldn't pay to see these, willing to see them for free!
It is just okay. Introduces to other Gods in the MCU besides the Norse ones. Christian Bale is playing a villain who has never really been iconic which is a shame.
Some people have been far too harsh on this movie. My only complaint was the treatment of Gor. Everything else was amazing
Not as good as the Thor movies. The action is pretty good but the story is seriously lacking. It just didn’t make any sense.
The story is a little disjointed, and Thor's motive here is kind of nebulous and childish.  I get that he's not the sharpest tool in the shed, but this honestly felt like a Christmas Special sort of film: satirical characterization for some cheap laughs.  But maybe that's giving it too much credit because even the GOTG christmas special was better than this.

And the tone was... all over the place.  Was this supposed to be serious and compelling or just whimsical and fun?  Honestly, I couldn't tell you.  It seemed to trend more towards the latter - which sucked because here you have Christian Bale acting his damn heart out only to be relegated to some quips and cheap shots by several deus ex machinas and a hammer or two.

Meh.  Maybe a decent weekend flick on streaming?
Depois que a Disney colocou os dedos a marvel acabou nos cinemas, amém pelo Ultimato antes da Disney começar a lascar com tudo. UCM morreu no Ultimato praticamente. Fico triste pelo Bale, mas infelizmente mesmo tendo sido impecável no filme, nem ele consegue salvar esse roteiro de cinderela.
Too goofy stupid to be a good Thor movie. Relying on good will from past Thor movies. Junk. Acting was phony.
They just wasted Gore 😑 Nothing brilliant,  colorful, one-time watchable.  Could have been really good . Just wasted an all time best & threatening antagonist of Thor. The writing was just BAD. But kinda good adventure film for the General audience.
At this point, Marvel movies like these are what keep me going, even if they forget to give the villain enough screen time, or if the plot drags on into the third act. Not to mention the god-awful CGI. This movie is fun, and it doesn't overstay its welcome.
게이돌멩이, 장애인흑인레즈비언여왕, 남자배우는 알몸만들어버리고
그걸 팝콘먹으면서 관람하는 여자들, 힘 나눠받고 적이랑 싸우는 초딩들
마블 영화 중 최악
They have turned Thor into an utter buffoon
Would give zero stars if I could.  They ruined Thor.  The beginning fight scene was a joke.
Not as good as the ones before it. Worth a watch to see the relationship, but otherwise I wouldn't watch it a 2nd time.
It was fun. A bit too goofy at times, but kinda funny at the same time.
Loved Ragnarok, but almost turned off this one halfway through... Terrible marvel movie!
This film is fun, but the jokes don't land and everything is treated like a joke.
These are one of the newer marvel films that make viewers more bored. This film had less action, more talking, many unnecessary lines, and was genuinely disappointing.
Marvel has a problem with taking their characters serious as of lately. This is another movie with a great villains but is being held down by a goofy movie. Take Thor serious again.
It was entirely too campy for any kind of consice storyline.  It seems like marvel is losing their way on some of the character's journeys.
Thor is always a funny one in the Marvel movies. Their previous movies are really good and fun to watch. however, this one is really hitting the bottom really hard. The story is good actually, but the way it comes in the movie is just horribly bad. It's very disappointing
I don't know if this movie left a horrible taste in my mouth or rather no taste at all. Thor continues to be dumbed down further for his solo appearances. The movie had a phenomenal story in there but refuses to let it shine. Janes story is so full of emotion but the movie won't let the audience feel even a shred of emotion before cutting a humorless and tired joke in there. This results a very dull ending. The God Butcher played by Bale also has so much potential but all the god butchering is done off screen and his character is left to terrify children for no reason and follow through with a plan that shouldn't even work with his view of gods. This movie was a complete waste of story. Wish I could have gotten that time back.
Worse MCU movie I've had the pleasure of watching.  Disney NEEDS to go away ASAP!!!
It was a great movie. but would've been even better if Thor and his hammer/axe 'love triangle' was done once and moved on to something more interesting, like Christian Bale's character.
Taika Waititi gives us a jumbled-up assault on the senses that has no idea what it wants to be. The only redeeming qualities here are Natalie Portman and Christain Bale, although there could be a lot more of him.
While watching the movie, I found myself zoning out several times - which I have never experienced during a Marvel movie. The humour was bad. The movie in general was unimpressive.
Most viewers did not understand= this movie is a story being told by a foolish character to a bunch of kids= the story according to HIS perception of what happened and that was too deep for most fans to understand- the only thing the director did wrong was not to show him telling the kids the story a few more times and maybe the kids looking kind of skeptical at what is being told to them-then it would have been a WAY bigger hit
its okay. Its like its trying to have that Thor Ragnarok charm but it has this overall vibe of being kinda cringe...
I liked it better than Ragnarock. It was a much more linear storyline with clear themes told in entertaining ways.
they did my boy Thor dirty in this film + the movie tries to be a comedy but fails at it horribly (the jokes with the screaming goats is one example of many) and you cant tell me mighty thor is better than thor at everything even tho thor has 1000 years more experience at being a god. the dialogue is horrendous "eat my hammer" what the heck is that!?
This movie wasn't terrible. People be hating on this movie but it's actually pretty good. The villain is great and the effects are pretty good too. While the story and some characters are forgettable, enjoy it while you're there. Marvel isn't getting any better but this project is better than She-hulk and stuff like that…..if you want to watch new marvel, why not watch this???
Not as good as Ragnarok but still a really good film. We get even more LGBTQ+ representation which is very refreshing. There's lots of fan favourites, Christian Bale is great, very funny and heartwarming moments. Definitely recommend.
This movie is soooo silly. It's ok, fun but to silly at some parts. Perfect to pass time.
I was hoping for another Thor: Ragnorok and got a movie trying too hard to mimic that movie.  The tones are constantly clashing with this movie and you can never take it seriously like it wants you to at times because of the constant jokes that rarely land.  The villain is defeated despite Thor, not because of him.  The Mighty Thor could be cool, but no effort is made to set up her new abilities which makes it hard to buy in the context of the movie.  Overall, this movie was not worth my time.
I liked this movie but the biggest problem with this movie is that it relied a lot on the Jane Foster character and I do not think Natalie Portman is that good of an actress.
This is yet another weak entry in Marvel's growing mediocrity. It gives no care to Thors arc at all in exchange for a couple of quick laughs.  Speaking of, the comedy here is way over done and stops working quickly because of it.  This is especially disappointing when the villain is Gorr.  Gorr is completely wasted in this movie, he doesn't fit with the comedic tone and often feels out of place.  Christian Bale's performance is definitely not the problem, he is doing an exceptional job.  The problem is the film he is trapped in.  Overall the comedy here completely ruins the movie.  The plot is incoherent and inconsistent at times, and the villain is in the wrong movie.
The worst movie in the MCU
im surprised this got as high as it did, I thought it was terrible, probably the worst thor movie
Ready for the next phase from MCU.
In my opinion, it's one of the worst Marvel movies. The characters are flat; the plot is just childish. Was it made using the flattest prompt on Chat GPT?
A film that would have been at the beginning of this universe, nobody would have wanted it.
A ridiculous film that didn't need to be made and only serves to cheapen the overall brand.
very weak movie, exaggerated jokes
Not good. Most of the humor was lame...and strange. Was very difficult to take the movie seriously. Story line was ok. Soundtrack was good! Unfortunately, another fail for Disney and the MCU.
Nada não é assim que se estraga um personagem.
I wanna leave mid-movie, too much comedy and lacking the most important element of a superhero movie, fighting. I want to see fighting, not the whole cast goofing around like kindergarteners.
could have been better
They should rly warn if a movie is made specifically for kids under 6 years old. It felt like an unfunny live remade of the Wild E Coyote cartoons.
This movie sucks. The comedy is bland and way overdone. Christian Bale's performance is the only good thing about the movie
I really did not like this movie
Not good at all. The acting at times was very cheesy! The worse Marvel movie ever done. Very disappointing !
It was ok no the best
This movie annoyed me so much. Made Thor look like a none threatening idiot. He was handled in infinity war the best.
una pelicula que cumple a medias, pero se deja ver, se perdio el rumbo y deberian de darle un final al thor de este actor y reiniciar la saga con nuevas historias
This felt like a movie for exclusively kids; especially the action scenes. The movie was fun but extremely forgettable. It was weird to go from the previous Thor movie that felt extremely consequential, to this… a movie that felt inconsequential and engineered for kids.
Marvel à l'habitude de faire des bon films, avec des scènes post-génériques qui nous tiennent en haleine.

Thor: Love and Thunder est un film qui était attendu, mais là, on touche le fond.

Ils ont essayé de mélanger tout ce qui avait réussi dans les derniers Marvel, mais ça n'a pas fonctionné, il fallait s'y attendre.

Après quelques films et/ou séries raté, Marvel tente de se sauvé en réalisant la suite de la trilogie qui avait marché, sans succès. De plus, la scène post-générique du film est juste ridicule. Elle ne donne pas envie de voir la suite et pourtant les scènes post-générique était leur spécialités, leurs marques de fabriques.

S'il fallait qualifier le film en un mot : décevant.
So it's Thor chris hemsworth etc it's a watch, but it's lack lustre don't go into it with high hopes, Christian bales performance was robotic in the sense of it seems like cuts of different gorr emotions, janes cancer story was beyond rushed and unsympathetic, somewhat confusing story even more confusing ending, defo watch but don't retain!
Definitely one of Marvels weaker movies though I still enjoyed it, Christian Bale was definitely a highlight of the movie and I enjoyed other little bits in it, but overall definitely not one of the MCU's best. It was fine. That's all I can really say.
Boring, the one before was better.
Might be the worst mcu movie ever made. I have no idea how taika watiti went from making one of the best mcu movies (ragnorock) and then immediately makes the worst mcu film.
I have watched a vast majority of the Marvel movies and I cannot claim to be a professional critic. That being said, as an audience member, this movie was perhaps the worst of the MCU I have seen. The movie opens with an incredibly powerful scene of a believer turning against a god that couldn't care less about them and the chaos ensues from there. We are given a partial origin to a powerful villain and promised an interesting and tantalizing tale of heroics, action, and the complexity of emotion present in intelligent beings. The rest of the film, however, does not deliver on that promise. The writing was terrible. The jokes were sub-par, at best. The entire thing felt as if it was nothing more than a poorly written comedy with some of the worst comedic timing I've seen. There was an opportunity here to see Thor in a more human light, to see what he was going through in the aftermath of all that had happened, and instead it does nothing more than turn grief into the butt of inappropriate jokes. Not only that but the handling of Jane's diagnosis, her newfound bond with Mjolnir, and her reuniting with Thor was sloppy at best. Let's not forget that Valkyrie wasn't even up to snuff in the film, either. Honestly, it felt like a juvenile-minded individual grabbed hold of what could have been an interesting concept and turned it into a middle school grade puppet show. The only thing that kept me interested in the film were the snippets where you get a chance to see the villain and his motivations because at least that was some modicum of maturity. Frankly, I wish I had never seen this movie and the fact that it's rated at 63% is far too high. Honestly, it is the worst MCU movie to date and I hope they don't make another one.
Thor: Love and Thunder is the best thor movie to date. It kills off Jane, but the casting is PERFECT. They somehow got the actor from the new Batman to act as the villain, Gorr The God Butcher.
Thor: Love and Thunder is a thrilling addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe that manages to balance action, humor, and heart in a way that only director Taika Waititi can. The film's bold and colorful visuals are a feast for the eyes, and Waititi's signature irreverent style brings a sense of fun and playfulness to the proceedings. But it's not all just spectacle and laughs - the film also tackles deeper themes of love, loss, and identity in a way that is both moving and thought-provoking. Overall, Thor: Love and Thunder is a must-see for fans of the MCU and anyone who enjoys epic superhero adventures with heart and humor.
Don't know what's going on with the movie, disorganized plot. Not persuasive enough!
They completely destroyed thor in this movie. Dear writers you can have strong powerful woman in your show without making the man a complete idiot
Not just the worst MCU movie but the worst movie of 2022. The dialogue is beyond juvenile. It blows my mind that this movie was approved. Thor was perfect in Infinity War and somehow they turned his character into a big buffoon.
I would say it is one of the weaker Thor movies, but still a good movie.  I would rank about 75-80%.
I couldn't hate this movie more.  Thor is reduced to being an idiot.  It doesn't even work as a parody of itself.  It mocks God and people of faith.  It espouses the religion of the left. 
 Audiences have largely rejected this movie for good reason.  If Marvel continues in this direction they will ruin all they created.  Ragnarok was a blast, this is trash.
Ouch, this is nothing like the last two Thor movies. 
Lacking what the previous movies had.
Не логично, глупо, в угоду фиминисткам
It funny, it have good music and villain. 8/10
"Bombastic, loud" (in the words of writer-director Taika Waititi), and silly, Thor: Love and Thunder reaffirms that empty vessels make the most noise.
This movie ruins Thor character, is full of stuff that doesnt make sense in the MCU has a whole and is just overall a bad time you need to get through if you want to understand the MCU since now everything is connected
Well where to start! Thor Love and Thunder should've had less love and more thunder. Not the average Thor movie. Love and Thunder  was a sad following Ragnarok. Which Ragnarok was the best Thor movie yet!
One of the worst mcu movies. VERY disappointing. Pity that after brilliant Ragnarok Taika Waititi couldn't hold the quality level. I totally loved Thors character in Ragnarok and his transformation in someone more bad ass in infinity war. Endgame wasn't really bad but now you can see that's where the downfall of his character began. Hemsworth says hes not coming back to the role unless the tone shifts to something more serious. Maybe different director? I really hope so.
After watching trailer and some TV spots I'd thought this movie is going to be massive. But movie was totally trash. Star cast like Christian Bale and Russell Crowe were totally underutilized. Taika Waititi didn't succeed this time. It's a massive step down from Thor Ragnarok (2017). Most film in Thor Franchise.
Goofy, funny, daft. Why shouldn't the MCU offer a lighter side? It helped my boy become an MCU fan, and for that this film will always have a place for me. Love it.
it was a pretty good movie a bit goofy and the ending was.... meh! and the guardings were only in the first 20 minutes of the movie!
Wow, they really fumbled Thor and he may never recover.
Christian Bale's character quite remarkable, heartfelt intense. Everything else was very unserious in its inappropriateness. Don't write like this again, don't direct like this again. It's made marvel no more than a joke.
I think there was way too many gags and way too goofy for a Thor movie. At least the previous movie had a serious nature and led up to Avengers Infinity War. This was just too much.
Another forgettable delivery in the MCU
If you skip all the talk between the couple and all this things of love etc.. The movie become really good.
Loved the movie for what it was however the portrayal of Gorr left me wanting more. Should have let it be R rated and let Gorr butcher some gods on screen. Still a great flick just not what was expected.
Probably my least favorite of the MCU. Sorry Taika. Maybe Ragnarok set the bar extremely high. I think I might have even liked The Eternals over this one.
Thor: Love and Garbage
Too silly, and having two comic book themes competing (Jane as Thor, and Gorr the villain) diluted the impact—at least the way Watiti did it.

In the comics, Jane's story was heart-rendingly sad and heroic. In the movie it felt only mildly sad and regrettable. I think the problem was not enough development of her story arc. I didn't feel invested in it.

Christian Bale is a great anchor, but the way Gorr is represented weakens Bale's performance. The make-up choices felt weak, especially compared to the comic stories this movie was based on.
No entiendo por que cada escena tiene que derivar en un chiste, solo le faltaban risas grabadas
Pacing isn't great, action is dull but a cool addition never the less
Taika waititi's version of Thor is starting to tire. It is an enjoyable comedy and action film but at times it is quite cringe. Bale does a good job as Gorr but has few scenes and doesn't feel like a "god butcher". Photography is the strongest point, the scene on the gray planet is cinema.
Two stars for every each galactic goats. that's all.
Thor: Love and Thunder is packed full of action and bad jokes, to the point that it seems a parody of itself.

Bale did a great job on the acting but since the movie does not take itself seriously, there is never a sense of actual danger, making everything kinda pointless.
Gorr The God Butcher Should Of Continue On As Somehow As A Villain.
Why? no need to make him a clown!
It was cool. Loved Taika's influence. Had lots of sad parts. But I can't quite put my thumb on it but I kept feeling like there was something missing. Also, I wish they had explored more this idea of the other gods. Particularly when they go to Olympus. The fact they made this so brief was a total missed opportunity to develop into more.
it was a decent movie it wasnt that bad but the cgi was horrible and made me wanna puke this movie is mid.
A little weird on the vfx but in general good movie. A little funny. But just to continue with the MCU story we have to keep watching 😂
While the ideas that were presented were great (some of them working really well), most of them fell under the weight of the overwhelming humor that felt like a recreation of Thor: Ragnarok.
It had a perfect amount of comedy and action. Some parts were hard to predict. The acting was great and it was probably one of the funniest Thor movie even though they should bring down the comedy.
They've basically turned Thor into a joke. He has gotten so far away from the god of thunder. Failure to let us feel connected to she Thor. The best part of this was Christian bale, however they continue to put forth villains and kill them off so no attachments are formed and these movies continue to failure to have the impact that most other marvel movies have in the past.
Kind bad kinda bad kinda bad kinda bad kinda Kind bad kinda bad kinda bad kinda bad kinda bad
I really want to like this movie (and mostly do) but there are a lot of missed jokes, awkward moments, and a bipolar tone in order to freely recommend (i.e. silly dialogue suddenly turns into serious cancer concerns within moments of each other). I sincerely appreciate the team trying to repeat the ‘don't take ourselves so seriously' humor and the retro vibe of "Thor: Ragnorak," that movie saved the Thor series and is a tough act to follow up, it was received very well and one I thoroughly enjoyed too, but "Love and Thunder" struggles to hold itself up, leaning a bit too hard into goofiness making me genuinely surprised they didn't correct more errors during editing. They still made millions off of the film so it was a relatively wise move. Depending on your mood there is enough camp humor, Marvel flare, cast attraction, and storylines to want to see it through to the end, the relationship banter between Hemsworth and Portman (and the hammers) keep it alive, but otherwise it is a rather aimless and forgettable film, which to be fair most post-"Avenger: End Game" MCU films are all sort of becoming this way as much as I wish it wasn't so (what can possibly be more climatic than saving the end of the universe?). If you're in the mood for something light and mostly fun (minus the heavier moments) it can provide for an entertaining evening.
This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen Thor was making jokes all the time unevolving from Ragnarock wich was one of the best Marvel movies.
im just so mad.. its not that it couldn't have been good there was a lot of potential.. but between the ofbeat humor, insensitive humor, and the biggest pothole in the MCU this was just so insulting
For me, this is a mediocre film. The jokes are incredibly unfunny, the story is meh, the only thing that's even remotely good is the acting. Despite all of that, you can pass the time watching it.
I went to watch it at the cinema with great expectations, not least because the trailers seemed to be something very cool, and I had already liked Taika Waititi's work in Thor: ragnarok (which is the best film of this hero), however, like all the phase 4 films, the film came with a taste of disappointment. But unlike the Multiverse of Madness and Wakanda Forever, which were disappointing but good, Love and Thunder is a complete disaster. While reasonably entertaining, the film's tone is ridiculous and jokes happen all the time and out of turn. The god butcher was very poorly used, being even a bit of an idiot in some scenes, in addition to the fact that he practically didn't kill anyone. Some scenes lack logic, like Thor, who has thousands of years of experience, couldn't defeat Gorr, but Jane Foster, who just gained her powers, does it easily, apart from that final scene of the children fighting, that was ridiculously bad and meaningless, it felt like I was watching a Disney princess movie.
She's really stupid, the only thing that can be saved is Gorr (Christian Bale), who is incredible but the rest are meaningless jokes. 
PD: Goats GOD
This was a disappointing addition to an overall (usually) fun series. It's fine.
Great! Loved the deep story behind as well as the funny part. Good combination. As an MCU fan I give it a 10/10 🫀
Awful caricatures of all the characters bloated and putrid after soaking in Waititi's self indulgent god complex.
What the hell were the writer thinking when they made this? Do they think shoving a "joke" down our throats every 30 seconds is funny? It completely ruins the entire appeal of the movie, it takes away any emotion from any scenes, it just ruins the movie entirely. This is the worst movie I have ever seen
not sure why it got all the online hate - it was more than good enough - not perfect, and dont forget the last one and last two Avengers movies were really hard to top... but more than entertaining and different.
Probably the worst MCU film. Such a misfire, from the humour to the story to how they handled the villain.

Truly terrible stuff.
Too much Disney influence, did get better towards the end...
Why make the main character a stupid neanderthal? Horrible movie
Not bad but shows how bad the MCU has become.
Pior filme da Marvel, pegou a melhor fase de histórias do Thor nos quadrinhos e cagaram em cima, Taika Waititi se superou.
Absolutely incredible. Suitably funny, full of adventure and great casting
Terrible film. The scripting is some of the laziest and the jokes were an embarrassment to marvel and the actors. I wish I had left half way through and demanded my money back when I watched this film. The only silver lining was Christian Bales great performance, but sadly it almost looked out place in such a mediocre film.
The movie was about love and thunder. And it worked
Campy action schlock with a few shining moments. Taika Waititi's head was fully lodged in his backside for this one.
I do admire Waititi's unique style - but the jokes were often unfunny, and some scenes were painfully banal. It was great to see Natalie Portman reprise her role though! Also, Christian Bale's character was haplessly wasted; the God Butcher had a lot of potential.
I think that this is a great movie the only thing I did not like is Gorr he's such a bad character don't get me wrong Christian Bale is a legendary actor but for Gorr being called "The God Butcher" he didn't butcher anyone which really bothers me because I'm not a big comics fan and out of everything I heard I expected a lot from Gorr but I didn't like him he disappointed me. Action was great I but I think that the Gorr vs Thor fights should have been more kick ass like a Captain America vs Bucky in "Captain America Winter Soldier". Acting, I think that the acting is perfect I don't care about what anyone thinks I loved the acting Chris Hemsworth, Christian Bale, Natalie Portman, and everyone that has took part in acting in this movie have all done a amazing job. CGI, ok so I watch a lot of stuff and I gotta tell you compared to other movies & series this movie has perfect CGI. Writing in my opinion is great-perfect but I don't know why it was hard for Thor to fight Gorr I think the writing for there fight scenes could have been better. Story I think that it's good compared to other movies I've watched in 2022 the story is amazing. Casting, is perfect no explanation needed. Characters, I love them all they're all great I really with that we get them in a 5th Thor movie. Adventure, I think that the adventure is great traveling thought space and dimensions that's all a really cool part of the adventure. Ending I love the ending because now we know that Loki and all the other killed off Thor characters & gods are alive but in another world or another dimension or a heaven for gods. Something that I think is one of the best parts of the movie is that this movie does focus a lot more on Jane's & Thor's relationship cause' the other Thor movies didn't to that so well and the relationship is perfect and we finally figure out how Thor & Jane break up. I do wonder what happens with Hercules because like I said I'm not a big comics fan so I want to know how Hercules and Thor come across each other and if they're gonna be friends or alies.
I'll just start by saying, Thor Ragnarok is still my favorite Thor film, and this is a diststant second. First off the comedy. In my view, there were just so many jokes that didn't land, that it took me out of the experience. I get that Marvel films are supposed to have comedy in them, but please just tone it down a bit and make the films a bit more serious. One of the reasons I liked Eternals and Multiverse of Madness is that they didn't rely too heavily on comedy. Now while Thor Ragnarok did have comedy it made it work, where as this film feels like it would be a lot better with a more serious tone. The film deserves some credit, however, for handling Jane's illness with some seriousness, for having an awesome rock soundtrack, and for having some beautiful cinematography. As well, Christian Bale's performance as Gorr was incredibly good, and had a certain intensity many mcu villains lack. With this though, apparently some of Gorr's screentime was cut due to being to scary which is really disappointing. If a villain is supposed to be terrifying then make him terrifying. Overall though it's a pretty subpar MCU film with no moments that really standout. It is worth seeing however if you want to have fun in the cinema, but don't expect too much more.
This movie was just ruined with the way too many bad corny jokes. It should have been way more serious. Big disappointment!
Simply awful. A complete mix that had nothing to do with the original Thor. Disgusting music, and even worse writing.
Thor is my favorite Marvel Avenger. I enjoy the humor. Hemsworth is great at making fun of himself so I also get a kick out of that. Storyline here needed help and I was bored in parts but still… it is Thor.
Thor: Love and Thunder is a thrilling and visually stunning Marvel adventure. With outstanding performances, witty humor, and epic action, it's a must-watch for fans of the franchise. While the plot may feel complex at times, the film delivers an enjoyable experience that expands the Marvel universe with style.
M-She-U take one of the biggest Heros in MCU with a great Charakter History than Take STRONG Womans in Lead and change Thor himself Into a Clown.

Chris? Why you Play this Role ? is money so important to you that you have to play a joke character? Ask yourself how you want people to remember you as Thor.
Potential character wasted with cheap and childish jokes.
Such a let down after Thor Ragnarok.
I watched this with my wife. We had a laugh, we had a cry. We were excited to see everything! It was fun because it was supposed to be fun. I genuinely don't get why 'mericans don't like it.
O filme tem algumas piadas engraçadas, mas deixou o Thor muito bobão.
A luta final foi lamentável, realmente achei mais um filme de herói padrão. 
O CGI do filme em algumas cenas pecou muito também. 
Esse filme parecia que iria ser muito bom, mas achei que o excesso de piadas e algumas cenas que pareciam serem feitas a pressa, deixaram o filme "esquecível", onde eu não faço questão de assisti-lo novamente.
The idea, let me be clear again, THE IDEA of what Christian Bale could've done with his character sent chills through my spine. Sadly, Taika Waititi obliterated any hopes of seeing this character come to his prime. Please, i beg of you Marvel, DO NOT let Mr. Waititi come any closer to any Thor movie ever again. And that's only IF the Thor franchise has any future after the disaster this movie was.
I'm blessed I didn't go to the cinema to see it. It's unbearable. I like chineese drama like Kung-Fusion, but this is just a poorly made parody of a parody. This movie would not be able to lift Mjolnir, because it's not worth-it.
Solo el villano estuvo bien... El resto fue un mal chiste
This movie was pretty mid. Funny at parts but pretty cheesy- coulda done way better
Thor: Love and Thunder" is an entertaining movie that fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe are sure to enjoy. The film boasts a talented cast, with Chris Hemsworth once again delivering a strong performance as Thor, and Tessa Thompson and Natalie Portman adding depth to their respective characters. The action scenes are well-choreographed and visually stunning, and the humor is well-balanced with the more dramatic moments. However, the plot is somewhat predictable and lacks the emotional weight of previous Marvel films. Overall, "Thor: Love and Thunder" is a solid addition to the MCU, but falls short of being a truly great superhero film.
A joke that became a joke. A farce. Reprehensible nonsense that has basically taken MCU three steps back. Thor is a name - not a title. Hammers aren't sentient, a 'king' is a man. Korg isn't funny. Zeus isn't a fat douche with a plastic toy 'thunderbolt' 

Taki had a good time with Ragnarok and for the most part it was decent enough, but now he's just taking the p***
I honestly don't understand the hate behind this one. I was a bit skeptical about Jane Foster's return the moment this movie was announced, and the name of it seemed a bit cringe, but I thought the movie knew exactly when to make fun of itself and when not to. Had it been a bit longer and we'd had more scenes showing Gorr actually killing gods, I think my rating would've been higher(and maybe the same for the critics). It's strange since this movie made good money similar to MoM(which I hated) yet I see a great majority of people complaining about it. Oh well.
I didn't believe it would be possible for the MCU to make me hate both The Hulk, She-Hulk and Thor but Taika Waititi did the impossible. The only three saving grace for this movie is Chris Hemsworth PED muscles, and the two ending scenes.
By far the worst Thor movie. While Christian Bale does an excellent job as Gorr, he just doesn't have enough scenes in the movie to properly flesh out his character. Every scene Gorr is in is incredible, Bale does a wonderful job of portraying this terrifying villain. Unfortunately, the rest of the movie is too focused on making jokes to create a cohesive story. While in Ragnarok, Waititi's jokes landed all the time, in this movie they were more hit or miss (screaming goats aside, they were absolutely hilarious). Finally, the ending doesn't really work for me -- Gorr just completely flips his motivations on a dime and the movie doesn't spend enough time on this to make it believable. Still overall a fine movie, just didn't come anywhere near my expectations.
Thor: Love and Thunder is an entertaining and fun film, but its overuse of comedy make the more serious moments forgettable.

Rating: 61%
Maybe the worst movie I ever paid to see in the theater. Horrible.
This movie was bad with a capital B. What has Marvel turned in to—the only actor who seemed like he put any effort into the movie was Christian Bale. The CGI was bad, phoned in performances, wait to reliant on jokes, incoherent plot. Please do yourself a favor and skip this even if you have Disney + and can watch it for free. Oh Boy 🤦🏻‍♂️
Was expecting it to be connected to what happened in the Loki series, but no, it was, insert "joke" here, and then here too, plus screaming goats every 5-10 minutes. 

Its only saving grace was Christian Bale. He stole every scene he was in.
einen stern für christian als gorr und seine optische  darstellung. top

der rest ist versuchte comedy mit schlechter cgi ... das lächerlich machen eines aus teil 1 und 2 helden .... und ich dachte in teil 3 hätte man ihn schon zerstört .... disney vernichtet hier seine helden
A lot of people said this was a bad film A lot of people weren't wrong. Shonky effects, a script seeming written by a malfunctioning early version of Chat GPT, a comic tone with barely a single successful gag, and nothing that remotely resembles a plot. In theory, I like Taika Waititi; in practice, I haven't seen a single film of his I unreservedly like. I wonder if he's in a similar place to Tarantino in that he needs people around him to whom he listens and who are willing to say that it's not working. Someone also needs to take the MCU firmly by the scruff of the neck and either reconnect it with good ideas or just call time on the whole thing. This is a tired film which, at this point in the franchise, is part of a tired project. I like the name 'God Butcher', and the idea he represents has mileage as an antagonist, but like everything else here it doesn't work. It's such an unredeemable mess of a film that's it hard to see what anybody was thinking when it was conceived.
Alot don't like thor love and thunder but ita a good fun flim definitely didn't deserve the hate it received
The whole thing is a disaster. The dialogues are attrocious, the transition between scenes have no continuity, the events have no background nor explanation afterward, the action is very lacking, and they overall atmosphere doesn't fit the suposed seriousness of the events unfolding. Looks like if what's written by a 13yo who thinks is funny.
Film is at Times corny and sometimes it is a bit questionable but overall ok
The dialogue isn't great, but the movie is even funnier than the last one, and has multiple Guns N' Roses songs, which makes it pretty great.
Dissapointed , it had something going on with it , it got romance , and action that's about it . The jokes arent funny and its not a good movie but i'll at least give this a 5/ 10
Not funny at all…and way too many plot holes.
This movie is just a comedy fanfest and if they took things more seriously, this movie could have been better.
Malisima pelicula, desaprovechan todo y encima buenos actores, esta pelicula es peor que ant man, director mediocre y la historia y personajes flojos. Tenia potencial la historia pero la desaprovecharon
It passed the time.... What more is there to say? It was stupid and silly but I did laugh a bit however the character drama wasn't great. The Villain was good but heavily wasted by the stupidity of the main love plot. I mean overall, it was fine but I didn't think it was that good
For a comedy this was extremely unfunny
I was not very impressed with this movie expected a little more with Christian Bale in the movie. I don't agree with the same sex being put so boldly put into Disney movies, I would prefer not to have story lines that involve this kind of garbage for my child to see. With that being said I would watch them before letting your chip watch any movies from Disney that approve such a message.  This was a very sad attempt of a Marvel Movie.
I say this with a heavy heart considering Thor has always been a favorite of mine amongst the Marvel heroes, this film desecrated Thor AND Gorr the God Butcher. While it was a fun adventure as all MCU films tend to be, every serious moment was undercut by an unnecessary joke.
Waititi has taken the tone he started with ‘Ragnarok' (which was kinda fun because it was very different at the time, but already exhibited all of the same problems to a lesser degree) way too far and veered straight into campy "comedy" (quotation marks because it's rarely funny) with the odd injection of dark and serious -- courtesy of Bale who does great work that's utterly wasted here – which doesn't fit in with the majority of the rest of the film. It's like watching a parody with little-to-no stakes, bland action, and a script that is basically pointless with nothing to get invested in. I'm sure the whole crew had a blast filming this and good for them, but apart from perhaps 30 mins. towards the end, ‘Love and Thunder' is a pretty stupid joke that takes away any last shreds of dignity and respect Thor had, completing his transition into a character that you can no longer take remotely seriously. Someone described him as a ‘himbo' in their review and they couldn't have been more spot on – the ultimate himbo.
Taika should never direct or be a writer of any Marvel movie ever again. He made a complete mockery of the Thor character and ruined the story of Gorr. It made no sense to have Christian Bale give such a dramatic performance with Hemsworth and Portman's bad comedic acting. Also, the "costumes" were ridiculous. If this is how they are going to continue portraying Thor in the future then if Hemsworth wants to continue to play this character, he should reconsider.
So sad to call this a Marvel movie..
Its just keeps getting worse.
Where is the writing, where every detail is thought of.
I will prob never watch it again. It was ok. Not a great plot. Waste in christian bales character. They could have done a lot more with him. Watch if you want but temper your expectations.
This movie got a lot of hate, but while it isn't perfect, I think it was quite a fun adventure. A lot of people seemed to expect a dark film focusing on the fight between Thor and Gorr, so they were disappointed when they got a rom-com in space. Does it not being what you wanted make it bad though? I don't think so.
It is not The best THOR movie but in my opinion is is not the baddest movie
The Story was Good
The Godbutcher was asociaal

But it had to Many jokes
I would recommend it to someone, but don't recommend to rewatch. I watched it in the movie theater, and I really enjoyed it, and then I rewatched it on Disney plus and it was't as good. It is really funny if you like the type of humor from the third movie, but look at it for what it is- a comedy.
It was so bad its funny. The best part was watching the actors in cameo roles looking like they were having a great time camping it up. Like Melissa McCarthy as Odin's daughter and Russell Crowe as a chubby Zeus.
Marvel wasted Cristian bail they will not be forgiven
The Movies is a littles overhated,  but the comedy does stink. But when it gets serious, it gets serious. It's ok, i guess
This movie sucks. Thor Ragnarok is literally my favorite marvel movie, so I was super disappointed. Literally all the jokes feel like they are recycled from Ragnarok. Gore is fantastic though.
A great cast doesn't make a great movie. Lame story and poor performances.
Creo que se están cargando el personaje, en cada pelicula parece que es un personaje diferente, pero prefiero comentar las cosas buenas en vez de vomitar mi toxicidad que puedo volcar aquí que es mucha.
Entretiene, que ya es mucho decir para los tiempos que corren. Y el villano está bien construido y creo que tiene una motivación a la altura. No sobra ningún personaje y ninguna escena, por lo que la pelicula no se hace tediosa ni larga.
I love the visual effects but as a comic fan (Gorr The God Butcher being my favorite villain) I am disappointed in the way they strayed from the source material, this was a story that should have shown alot more butchery and not so much comedy, a story like this should have made an R rated film.
And with the multiversal concept in marvel movies lately, the story of Gorr and the GodBomb and its construction by multiple thors from different timelines could have easily been adapted into a multiversal Thor variant movie.
Its kinda boring and just very unfunny.
While the silliness definitely takes away from some of the more serious moments in this movie it still feels like a good Thor movie. There is so much to this and so much that can be set up from this going into a possible phase 7 with Galactus. I'm not a comic reader, but an avid MCU enjoyer, and this holds up very well.
So spectacular, so queer, so fabulously funny!
The jokes were CRINGE (and Korg's song was lewd) but the action and the feats of strength by Thor were great. I don't like Natalie Portman but she did a great job in this movie and her "look" as Mighty Thor complimented Thor. Great team. Valkyrie was a good supporting character.
Gorr was OK.
Muy mala la película aburrida trama sencilla
Thor love and thunder is probably the weakest mcu film and the weakest thor film, The big negative i have with this film is that this is literally feels like a parody of thor none of the jokes land, the humor overshadows the films serious moments, gorr the god butcher is great but should've been in a different mcu film, 2.5/5
Too many jokes, the plot didn't make sense, they wasted Christian Bale in this movie, the whole film was trying too hard to be funny but the CGI was good but the story was pretty off but i did enjoy having Natalie Portman back in the game well temporarily anyways
Not a fan of “stupid” Thor. But a fun family movie nonetheless
Silly to the point of distracting.
un thor perdido en la comedia e irrelevancia ,un gorr que aparece talvez menos que los guardianes de la galaxia y que no aporta nada interesante en todo el nudo de la película una actuación genial e historia profunda de christian bale como gorr  pero solo en el inicio solo en el inicio y final de la película , un final que adore y una natalie portman fantástica pero que no sostienen a la película del  ¨¨dios del trueno¨¨ enserio ya se nesesita el thor nórdico,un nuevo director y una trama mas seria
Realmente disfrute esta película, es bastante disfrutable en aspecto visual colorido y nunca faltan las buenas escenas de acción y los asombrosos efectos especiales. El detalle aquí es que la película está muy orientada a la comedia, dándole un tono caricaturesco y se siente como una parodia de Thor. El personaje de Zeus de Russell Crowe es demasiado caricaturesco y termina aportando muy poco. Chris Hemsworth sigue siendo lo mejor como Thor y Natalie Portman ahora tiene más participación. La relación entre Thor y Jane Foster le da vida a esta película más que en las primeras 2 entregas y hay más química entre ellos. Christian Bale en el papel de Gorr es un extraordinario villano, bastante sombrío y con una buena historia que justifica sus acciones. Otra de las cosas más excitantes de la película es la banda sonora, que incluye canciones de Guns N' Roses que ofrecen momento realmente emocionante. Por más que esta película termine siendo una parodia, logra cumplir su objetivo de entretener como cualquier película de Marvel. Mi clasificación final para esta película es un 9/10.
This whole movie is a cringe fest and there is way to many jokes that all fell flat and I cringed at. The positive is Gorr the god butcher even though it’s wasted potential.
Slow. The forced romance scenes make it difficult to watch.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. There is zero redeeming qualities about this movie. Thor, Mjolnir and Stormbreaker's little odd jealousy thing was cringe. The god pantheon, was unfunny. Giving all the kids powers was like, are you trying to be Shazam now? Dumb. Tried way too hard to be funny the entire movie and none of the jokes landed. Then tried to be serious and they felt unattached. After Ragnarok and it's solid mix of action, seriousness and humor... Love and Thunder was an absolute fail. 

Also you can see, positive review bombing is a thing, because outside of these review sites... I've heard exactly ZERO people say anything positive about this movie.
first mid movie from marvel cinematic universe. To many dumb and cringe jokes. Bring me back my old goat. Gorr was great but it is only one pro.
Foi extremamente decepcionante, Taika watiti teve toda liberdade e passou dos limites, na consegui reconhecer a grandeza do DEUS DO TROVÃO em meio a tantas piadas sem graça e desnecessária s. Mas ainda assim é possível se divertir com esse filme se activares o modo infantil!
Thought the movie was a lot of fun. I’m not a huge marvel movie fanatic but enjoyed this one. And so did my kids
Disrespectful of the larger MCU.  They built something special with the Infinity Saga, this is very dismissive of the masterful universe building and thoughtful serious storytelling that preceded it.
Worst MCU movie of all time the entire movie is just a 2 hour SNL skit
It's not bad but the comedy is terrible
This isn't Thor. Disney just destroying property after property at this point to push a narrative
Probally the worst films i've ever watched. The comedy comes on way to strong, i only laughed twice in a film that is 80% jokes. I don't recommend it. Don't waist your time, you'll be disappointed.
No, it's got it wrong, big time.  Way too much faux comedy for the sake of it that does nothing to help enjoyment.  Disastrous script for poor Russell Crow to perform, a pointless plot, and a pretty dull ending.  If Marvel carries on like this it will kill off the franchise.
Loved the movie it was a lot better then the first 2 Thor's and is almost as good as Ragnarok if only they spent more time on the God killer killing gods but otherwise it's a great fun watch.
Fun movie for super hero fans.
Last we saw Thor Odinson (Chris Hemsworth) in 2019's ‘Avengers: Endgame', he had relinquished the throne of Asgard to Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson) and set out with the Guardians of the Galaxy to chart his own path. Now, in ‘Thor: Love and Thunder' (his fourth solo film), when a vengeful man (Christian Bale) with a serious grudge against the gods of the universe begins killing them off one-by-one, Thor must part ways with the Guardians and put an end to the slaughter. This time, however, besides King Valkyrie and rocky sidekick Korg, he has an unexpected new ally fighting by his side in the form of ex-girlfriend Dr. Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) who, by wielding his former hammer Mjolnir, has become the Mighty Thor! Thor and Jane's relationship takes center stage here, as this film is essentially Marvel Studios' first romantic comedy, and director/writer Taika Waititi (returning from 2017's ‘Thor: Ragnarok') and co-writer Jennifer Kaytin Robinson breathe new life into said relationship and truly make you want to see them get their "happily ever after". Chris Hemsworth's and Natalie Portman's chemistry is great, and I cared about these two more than I ever have before. The comedy was pretty hit-or-miss for me, but thankfully most of it landed. It's just as silly as its predecessor ‘Ragnarok' (perhaps even more so), but there are also some really emotional moments that balance out the silliness. Unfortunately, the story does often feel rushed, and definitely could've benefited from being a bit more fleshed out. However, I absolutely LOVED the ending! I've also seen some criticism about the film's CGI, but everything looked real and convincing enough for me, so I have no complaints about it. The cast is a delight, and Hemsworth's Thor continues to be a highlight of the MCU, but Portman's Foster and Bale's Gorr the God Butcher really steal the show. Jane/Mighty Thor is such a likeable character and is impossible not to root for, and Gorr is honestly one of the creepiest, most unsettling movie villains I've ever seen, yet he's also sympathetic because of his motivations. We sadly don't see as much of the latter as I would've liked though, and I wish he had a bit more screen time. The film is also amplified by a rockin' soundtrack full of some of Guns N' Roses' greatest hits. Overall, ‘Thor: Love and Thunder' is a heartfelt, fun, and enjoyable rom-com adventure, and a worthy inclusion to the MCU.
Um dos piores filmes da Marvel se não o pior, o filme trás muitas piadas sem graça e fora de tempo, além de um roteiro preguiçoso e que tenta se sustentar apenas nos momentos engraçados que não tem graça, este é o típico filme de seção da tarde que você para de olhar no capítulo 3 e sai para fazer outra coisa.
Poor marvel outing. Too much free reign for Taika Waititi. The franchise has turned into a joke after the heights of the previous movie.
I watch this movie I see all the reactions and one thing just keeps on going through my head it's just really really fine just fine not OK not terrible just really mid Meh to be honest I did laugh at Thor and his hammer romance wherever the hell that was I genuinely laughed but then other sequences with screaming goats I don't know why they had so much screen time felt like the goats had more screen time and Christian Bale is it true if it is I'm going to cry because genuinely when I started off the film I was like why do people hate this then after that first couple of minutes I learned why like I said not absolutely terrible just very disappointing I was really hyped for this film and almost every level of dread came when I saw the rotten tomatoes original score sitting at a 68% that's not bad but for the MCU that's bad so I was confused because the movie looks so good and I'll give her that some action sequences are pretty good the CGI is a little wonky sometimes even when Disney put it on Disney+ it still looked bad I do feel bad for all those hard-working visual effects artist aren't getting enough time but at least marvel slowing down a little more because they really do need to take their time and figure out what to do next cause this film is a disappointment I really love Taika Waititi and Ragnarok and even more hunt for the Wilderpeople which is seriously under viewed so I don't know what he was thinking to do this film because there's a bunch of sources saying different things but out of everything this movie we needed more time and care not bad just fine I guess 5/10
If think it's a very good movie because it's fun and exciting
WHY SO MANY DAMN JOKES?
I get it Mr. Waititi, you have a great sense of humour but let me enlighten you, you are not as funny as you think!!!
Thor as a character was at his peak in Avengers: Infinity War and after that, the studio just keeps ruining him.
His development has been done in such a way that he has been losing everything he loved (firstly his mother, then his father, then half the asgardians along with Hemidall and his brother Loki). He is supposed to be depressed due to 1500 years worth of grief but this film chooses to avoid it all and make Thor a jumping, dancing, joke cracking happy lad!!!
Jane Foster's Mighty Thor was pretty much okay in the film whereas Valkyrie and Korg felt completely unnecessary.
Gorr was the only saving grace of the film but the film had to ruin that so his appearance is short-lived (not even 20 minutes). The name of the villian is Gorr The God Butcher, and we see him killing only one god on-screen 🤦🏻‍♂️ (talk about wasting a phenomenal actor such as Christian Bale).
The Background Score composed by Michael Giacchino was also nice but again, was not properly used.
It almost feels like this movie just wants to be average.
First Multiverse of Madness and now this along with Ms Marvel, MCU is really starting to feel like Mid Cinematic Universe.
Not better than Ragnorok but still a great movie overall!
I wish it had been with serious with some funny parts; I think it’s hard when it tries to be booth. Great acting.
It's increasingly obvious just how fickle audiences are. Like what is the beef...? Every complaint I've seen about this movie can just be as easily applied to the previous entry, which was universally praised. It's really been ridiculous to see the gymnastics people do to convince why this is terrible over the other one. Has the Marvel fatigue just really set in THAT deeply? For me, Christian Bale isn't utilized as much as he should be able not all the jokes land, but I thought this was a super fun ride with tons of charm. Especially dug the wholesome wrap-up.
Campy. Disappointing that they choose to inject too much bad humor.
Too much childish comedy. The plastic costumes don't do it for me. The CGI at times is extremely bad. The characters do not feel real. This is the epitome of phase 4 issues.
all of the jokes are either recycled from ragnarok, or new and just plain terrible. they turned thor from a fun yet tragic character who has lost everything in life to a bumbling idiot who makes uncharacteristic quips every 2 seconds.

my least favourite marvel movie
The screaming goat joke went on far to long got annoying after a while
saw this movie opening night and instantly that this movie is really unnecessary to thor as a character and made him a joke, I don't know what takii was thinking but hopefully, the next thing he works on is better. the fight scenes were amazing, wanted more gorr the god butcher, and jane was cool and wanted to her take the hammer for the first time. Hopefully the next time we see thor he is more like the thor from god of war . also like he now has a kid so maybe they can do something with her in the next film like god of war did with Kratos and his son
Not as fun or inventive as Ragnarok. Longer then necessary and disjointed. Less fun on repeat watches. Should've stuck to a more clear storyline and developed the idea properly. Feels like 3 movies competing for time all loosely connected.
The movie may have contained jokes but it was just a terrible joke. The audience was screaming in pain louder than the dang goats. Perhaps a bit more titi and less wai wai wai.
Meh. It was just ok. Fat Zeus? Sometimes the Thor films rely too much on comedy and this one was a swing and a miss for me.
It is the worst movie ever and gets 0/10.
Its a movie for kids 
Cringeeeeeeeeee
It was more a sketch compilation than an actual movie.
Although it might not be as good as Ragnarok, and it technically can be considered a Guns n' Roses music video, the latest installment of the Thor franchise is a severely underrated addition to the MCU. Its universal theme of "love conquers all" is a fantastic premise to build a "Thor" film upon.
Possibly one of the worst MCU films ever. Such a letdown. The CGI is laughable and the joke a minute script is horrendous. I will never watch this movie again. Terrible.
I can't wait to see what MCU will do with Hercules
i love the rekindle of jane and thor's love, and still its funny
I wanted to like it. I really like Thor. This was not Thor. Thor is a super hero. This guy was a doofus.
It was one of the best theater experience and the movie is funny but the plot was not the best and they did not use Gorr enough.
One of the worst films in the entire MCU, containing cheap, shameful, forced and tired humor. Taika just hits the soundtrack, he weighs his hand in humor and Thor once again boils down to a large cluster of totally unnecessary nonsense for what should be one of the most powerful heroes in the MCU, it's like taking Superman and betting on romance and comedy.
Taika Waititi made Thor a complete buffoon, the movie it is overstuffed with jokes that after the first 20 minutes it stop being funny, there's no deep and the motivation that drives the characters. Only Christian Bale acting it is worth watching.
Thor: Love and Thunder may be considered the best Thor movie to date, but it still has some shortcomings compared to other top-tier MCU films.
Story was rushed way too fast. Humor felt forced and repetitive. Lack a lot of emotion in the journey of the story. This movie had potential, but it was undoubtedly rushed resulting into a mess. I enjoyed it more than Thor the dark world, but it at least had more depth of story and emotion.
Hilarious 😂 I love it 🩷
The movie made me smile.  I thought it had the perfect mix of intense action, interesting visuals and a smile.  I am not bothered by some of the critics nasty comments - they like to hate.
I grew up reading Thor comics.  What I saw on the screen has nothing to do with the character I grew up reading.  This franchised has been ruined for Thor fans.
Buena, tiene un ritmo muy bueno, comedia/chistes/alivios cómicos pasables (parece que es humor para niños) el villano es increíble, llego a entender sus razones, su arco está excelente, actuación muy buena, CGI y efectos visuales y especiales maravillosos aunque la trama es algo predecible, pero hay 3 cosas malas:

1. Los Dioses, estos son una estúpides
2. Hércules como villano (sus motivaciones sería que atravesaron a su padre aunque este sigue con vida y que quieren a Thor por ser héroe y.... ya)
3. La pelea final de los niños, no me emocionó en lo absoluto pero la pelea de Thor y Jaine vs Goor si es buena.
The movie is very boring and not funny and the cgi is verdammt bad.
Excellent movie 😄👌
Marvel needs to recapture their brilliance. Love the people who made this movie. And I enjoyed it. But misses the dazzle of Ragnarok.
I loved Thor Ragnarok but this felt boring. Christian Bale was barely in the movie and Thor felt like a joke.
Having watched most Marvel films this film stays in the same course nothing new and nothing surprising as forced humor is there and charismatic characters as there, like most marvel films. Having said that maybe it's the CGI that's improved as I enjoy this film for what it is a fun friendly Disney marvel film. Out of all the thor films I watch this is my second favorite behind the original.
filme tosco e infelizmente Thor se tornou uma piada . A introdução da menina foi muito boa para o futuro da marvel . O vilão perder para crianças é um desrespeito com o personagem
Overall the movie's biggest strengths happened when it started taking itself seriously. Unfortunately, I felt like I had to suffer through the first half of the movie to get there. The goofy, almost cartoonish, dialogue that filled the first half of the movie couldn't hide the apparent lack of story or clumsy editing. Instead, the creators felt more interested in undoing all that had taken place in the last few MCU movies rather than telling a compelling story. However, once the status quo had been reestablished, the movie took off with genuine feelings of fear (Gor was easily the best part of the movie), sadness, happiness and heart... I can't recommend it if you hated the humor in Thor: Ragnarok...
Meh, screaming goats, this movie doesn't take itself seriously which can sometimes work but doesn't feel like it works, there are some serious issues in this movie, and they treat them all like jokes, Gor was underused
Extremely disappointing.  Expectations were high off of Ragnarok.  Usually I revisit Marvel movies once they come on streaming but I have had ZERO urge to revisit this one.  Really the only positive I can say is Christian Bale's performance.
Worst Thor film, just pointless jokes after jokes.
Plot was fast paced and full of holes. Wayyy to comedic, made a mockery of characters. Ruined Jane's character...and Thor's.
Not sure why everyone drags on this one.
The fourth solo Thor outing is full of humor and heart. Taika gets this character more than anyone, and there are scenes that are absolutely devastating and more that will have you rolling with laughter. 

There are also so many nods to Marvel lore,  connecting the cosmos, The Eternals, Moon Knight and the multiverse. I mean, we actually meet Eternity here. Also, two fight scenes in this movie are among the most creative and eye popping that's I've seen in the MCU. Particularly, the black and white planet with the shadow monsters, it was freaking stunning to see. 
Christian Bale looked like he had a blast playing Gorr the God Butcher. I'd say the only real let down is we didn't get to see more of him "butchering" and being a real villain. I heard a lot was left on the cutting floor to make this movie more palatable after Multiverse of Madness. Here's hoping for the edgier cut to be released one day.
What the heck happened to the superhero movies Marvel put out 5 years ago!! This phase 4 was HORRENDOUS!!
A silly, unfunny comedy!
This aged like bad milk.
"Thor: Love and Thunder" picks up where the previous film, "Thor: Ragnarok," left off. Thor is living in New Asgard and struggling to come to terms with his new reality as the God of Thunder. Meanwhile, Jane Foster, Thor's ex-girlfriend, is battling cancer on Earth. When Jane is infected by the Aether, an ancient weapon that has the power to destroy the universe, Thor must team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy to save her and stop the powerful villain, Gorr the God Butcher.

The plot of "Thor: Love and Thunder" is an entertaining mix of action, humor, and emotion. The film's storyline is not overly complicated, making it easy to follow and enjoy. The film's focus on the relationship between Thor and Jane Foster adds a layer of emotional depth to the story, making the audience invested in the characters' well-being.

The film's cast does a great job bringing their characters to life. Chris Hemsworth's portrayal of Thor is as charming and funny as ever, but also shows a more vulnerable side to the character. Natalie Portman's return as Jane Foster is a welcome addition, and her performance is both convincing and emotional. Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie continues to shine, delivering a performance that is both powerful and humorous. Christian Bale as Gorr the God Butcher is a great addition to the cast, delivering a menacing and powerful performance.

The cinematography in "Thor: Love and Thunder" is fantastic. The film's action scenes are shot with great precision and are visually stunning. The special effects are top-notch, making the film's action sequences all the more thrilling. The film's use of colors and lighting also adds to its overall visual appeal.

However some viewers may find the humor and tone of the film to be too over-the-top and distracting from the more serious moments of the story. Additionally, the film's pacing could be criticized as it tries to balance multiple storylines and characters, leading to some moments feeling rushed or underdeveloped. Finally, some viewers may find the reliance on CGI-heavy action sequences to be too excessive and lacking in the practical, grounded action that made some of the earlier MCU films so popular.

Taika Waititi returns as the director of "Thor: Love and Thunder" and once again proves that he is a master at combining humor and action. Waititi's direction is spot-on, creating a film that is both entertaining and emotionally engaging. The film's pacing is also well-done, with the action scenes seamlessly integrated into the story.

The film's score, composed by Mark Mothersbaugh, is a great addition to the movie. The music helps to enhance the emotional moments of the film while also adding to the excitement of the action scenes.

Overall, "Thor: Love and Thunder" is a fun and entertaining addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film's mix of action, humor, and emotion makes it an enjoyable ride from start to finish. The film's performances, cinematography, direction, and music all work together to create a cohesive and enjoyable movie experience. If you're a fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, "Thor: Love and Thunder" is definitely worth checking out.
Thor Dark World was for me, the worst Marcel movie……until this one. 
It is funny that Thor Ragnarok is one of the best Marvel movies but TL&T is average at best. It has a few moments but feels out of balance. It is okay, but not up to the standards set by the better Marvel movies.
Not a great movie. Some jokes seem a bit dumb and the story was sort of jumbled, but it did have some good moments.
Need more gorr butchering gods and to be more of a threat. Thor was never in danger.
I found myself very disappointed.
No thanks. It took numerous attempts to finish this one. Story and editing was a complete mess. Trying too hard to be a comedy.
The entire movie felt like a funny joke but it wasn't funny. And it made Thor feel weak
Love love love this film 10/10
Please stop Taika Waititi....
Christian Bale was just wasted.  shame
Really ClownThor the worse marvel movie this movie it is a joke
Ridícula y molesta al intentar forzar la comedia en vez de una buena trama
I don't even know where to begin. A major disappointment.
O filme é divertido, porém poderia ser mais sério.
Muito arrastado, cansativo e forçado, filme pastelão.  Que pena, estava com altas expectativas!!
Thor used to be one of my favorite superheroes. But after watching Thor: Love and Thunder it ruined my view on Thor. This movie makes Thor look like a goofy hero who doesn't think about the consequences. Thor jokes around the entire movie, and some are funny but most is not. The story is good but is wasted. The villain isn't taken seriously and disrespects the comics and source material.
I loved this movie. Whoever gave it a 64% needs a sense of humor.

I laughed my whole way through this. Way better than some 98% rated boring movie.
Not even close to the original Thor movies.
Christian Bale was the only bright spot in this ridiculously stupid movie. The creators of this movie should be embarrassed.
Lacking the coherence and consistency of Ragnarok, Waititi's vision remains uncompromised in Thor's surprisingly darker fourth outing which demands to be seen again and again!
The worst Thor's movie ever
Not sure what they were thinking with the story of this move. Just pretty bad to be honest and doesn't even compare to what we got in Ragnarok.
Like the title says, this film is about love, rediscovering it, understanding it, coming to terms with it, using it as an excuse to things too far, and to find purpose in life.  It's a very subtle message, but it's there.
It was a good movie. But there's so much wrong about this film like the fact that it's a rom-com. It shouldn't be a comedy with someone as dark as Gorr as it's villian. The movie felt too short. They definitely could've expanded the runtime by adding sequences of Gorr killing Gods since it really lacks that considering that Gorr's is literally called "The God Butcher". It was very strange and made zero sense for Mjolnir and Strombreaker to have feelings. And Gorr should've lived for at least one more movie. Christian Bale's performance was too good but unfortunately he didn't get as much screentime as he deserved. Overall, it's a solid, fun movie. But that's the problem, it should've been more serious. If that's not a problem, you will certainly enjoy Thor: Love and Thunder.
Christian Bale is superb as usual and completely in a different movie. 
The CGI was just stupid (note: keep it realistic or at least probable, even though its fantasy sci-fi).  The 'set' does not look really, if your going to use the great new studio, again, still make it believable.  
This is a low point for Marvel, worst than The Eternals, basically because Thor is such a good character and had such a great arc. Thor now seems pointless and amazingly he can do things that would have been quite useful in previous movies...he must have done some pretty good CPD courses this year.  
And stop with the jokes. Jokes joke joke STOP. Children were kidnapped by a God butcher!  Light relief is good, silly joke overkill is not good.
I hope Taika is now finished with making Marvel movies as all the ideas were really stupid.  
I hope the use of Hercules in the future is not in a movie like this.
As a huge marvel fan, i felt that I needed to enjoy and appreciate every movie and tv show, but I just cannot anymore. When it's bad, you just have to admit it's bad.
Could've done better.
While it's adapted from two Thor stories that carry a lot of emotional and thematic weight, Love and Thunder opts to face grief with a wry smile on its face. The film is bookended by narration from comic relief Korg, which is something to remember as the story unfolds- Bale's Gorr, for example, endures a massive tonal shift from his tragic prologue to when Korg takes over story telling duties, from living up to his God Butcher moniker to creepy boogeyman child snatcher. Still, it doesn't exactly shy away from a counter religious theme and it looks like a living comic book. To see the story from a different perspective would be intriguing, but like Taika Watiti's earlier work it deals with dark themes with the lightness of touch that isn't out of place in a Saturday morning cartoon.
Every other sentence was a senseless joke, the stupid goats, Christian Bale had so much potential, the orgy reference… and the stupid goats.
Such a disappointing addition to the MCU
More like a comedy, colourful was still there, but the fun & jokes are over.. Thor lost its personality, while valkyrie lost its character as well.. the return of Jane & new faces of Gor was a waste, dint act much, and dint show the true deep character of themselves..
This one was worse than Thor: Dark World...This installment took what worked and was funny in Thor: Ragnarok and took it WAAAAY too far....Story was just not that good and way too cheesy for the most part. Best parts of the movie: Christian Bale's character and the screaming goats!!
Thor Love and Thunder is my favourite MCU movie.
Though not as good as Thor: Ragnarok, this is definitely the 2nd best Thor film. I personally really liked the villain and the humor incorporated in the movie. 

What I really appreciated and enjoyed about this film was the cinematography. Some scenes were made so ridiculously good. It was up there for me with Dr. Strange 2 and MCU Spider-Man 3, possibly higher. In terms of story, it wasn't as good as those two.
This is by far the worst installment of Thor. He has gone from lovable oblivious ignorance to just dumb and a buffoon.

It's not funny how dumb they have made the character. Most characters have growth and gain knowledge, this one has a learning disability, dementia or both.
Definitely a fun movie with a lot of comedy thats good but they went too far and made all the characters more of jokes and made the film a little bit of a let down.
I enjoyed this movie, it was entertaining and a nice change of pace at the time.
90 second best marvel movie
Worst mcu movie in my opinion.  This movie was a cringe fest.
Me gustó la película, un desarrollo de personaje genial, el villano le faltó un poco más de desarrollo
I get why many don't like this, but I find it very enjoyable.
Somebody needed to kill those goats
Great effects and action scenes, but the drama and plot of the movie has all been taken away from unnecessary comedy
Weakest movie of the Thor saga.
Really great cast with Hemsworth, Portman and Bale and the result…. A funny movie with a great ending but lot's left on the table. It underperformed in my eyes because of how great Ragnorak is and the cast.
I'll give them this- I was entertained for the duration of the film. However, I can't deny the fact that this was a little bit underwhelming. I felt like this was a time where Thor would be less cheerful or happy all the time(considering the dark depression we saw in Endgame), but we saw him crack jokes every 3 minutes. I enjoyed it- don't get me wrong, but some of the jokes were just put in the wrong spots. The plot was a little bit shaky sometimes, too. My favorite part was the screaming goats. I probably could have gone without the dark monster things, though.
Pretty standard MCU film—lots of action and humor.
G*y scene ruined all the movie actually
Cringe cringe and more cringe...
As pessoas elevam o hype ás alturas e claro que se decepcionaram. Eu gostei do filme porque diferente da maioria, não esperei que fossem aparecer um personagem tão especial como o Loki, não esperava nenhum aventura especifica e por isso não me decepcionei, porque justamente eu não esperava nada demais. A única coisa que tinha expectativa era na Jane, e o que me mostraram da Jane no filme foi incrivel. Adorei a história, as cores, a trilha sonora e os personagens. Achei que a Valkyria deveria aparecer mais, assim como o Korg, mas nunca pensei que fosse shippar tanto o Thor e a Jane. Foi uma história pequena do arco de histórias do Thor. As pessoas esperavam tanto do filme, ficam fazendo teoria da conspiração e ainda ficam comparando com os quadrinhos, coisa que eu não fiz por isso eu curti mais do filme do que a maioria.
This is a film that I really wanted to enjoy, in Ragnarok, Taika Waititi found the line between comedy and compelling storytelling, occasionally dipping a toe over the line but quickly retracting it, so I couldn't wait for what Waititi would do next. However, in this film, that cautiousness is gone, instead they blew up the line and paraded across it on a chariot pulled by screaming goats. In other words, the comedy is so constant and so unbelievably stupid that it's hard to enjoy the actual story that is going on. The villain is alright but is used in completely the wrong film, Christian Bale is, of course brilliant, but his character is such a dark, serious villain in a film that is so saturated and bright that it could hurt your eyes and is populated with sentient hammer love triangles and van damme kicks. In another film, Gorr could be brilliant, but not here.
embarrassment to the mcu
Yet another movie that takes no risks. This comic fan is displeased. Allblack the necrosword is dumbed down, gorr looks like a human and all that family friendly comedy makes me want to vomit.
To match comedy and no good of a story arc.
This is bad movies . Everything bad
A big rotten beffed up thor
Movie sucked. New MCU sucks. Disney & Marvel are just creating filler/mids content with high budget cgi and production. As well as actors obviously. Still the story of this movie sucked. I fell asleep in the theater and so did my girlfriend. I honestly wanted my money back movie sucked that much real burn that I paid to sleep.
Weakest Thor film since Thor 2. This film resets Thor’s amazing development through the Infinity saga and makes him a mockery of what he has become. This Thor has to be a variant because he is nowhere the same as the Infinity Saga Thor. Awesome to look at and Nataly knocks it out of the park. Christian Bale was embarrassingly underutilized. It’s a marvel film.
It starts poorly, but soon it starts to impr... no it doesn't. The humour is over-done, repetitive and poor, the characters are underdeveloped and the script writing is of the kind of quality I managed in English class, when I was seven.

Maybe Taika got a little intoxicated by his success and didn't think he needed to put any effort into this, but his comedic style turned this largely into a parody of himself.
Not as funny as it would clearly like to be, and saddled with some lackluster performances, Thor: Love and Thunder continues Marvel's trend of dipping quality in a post-Endgame world. Like the previous Thor entry it has a bit too much fun for the stakes that are presented, complicating the search for a proper tone. Christian Bale is Gorr the God Butcher, a once-pious man who lost everything while hanging on to his faith only to be told, by the very god that he worshipped, that his prayers and dedication amounted to nothing. Equipped with the All-Black Necrosword, Gorr makes a pledge that all gods will die. Bale is the only performance worth mentioning here, and like so many excellent superhero villains his screen time is too limited for a movie who's runtime is under two hours. Gorr's story and trajectory are very dark and clash with the absurd comedic theatrics of our heroes. The tone of Thor: Love and Thunder shows a diminishing return on these action/comedy superhero movies in a way that makes DC projects look admirable for the first time in years. As a whole package it's fine, but misses several of its marks and can't really decide how it wants its viewers to feel as the credits roll.
I thought it was one of the best movies ever when I left the theater. But then when I rewatched it on Disney+, I was surprised at how bored I was.
Not a single American psycho reference. What a rip off
One of the worst Marvel movies I’ve ever seen. Awful. I’ve watched many marvel movies many times but this is one I won’t even think about watching a second time.
Why Taika waititi thinks Thor was dumb fellow. Thor doesn't knows anything. Thor was a moron. He's god of thunder he was living, fighting for 1000s of years. Russo brothers gives a decent character development to Thor in their movies, if Taika cames in he totally projects him as moron. Both flims of taika was like a dumb Horizontal over Saturated tik tok. He wasted "Planet hulk", "Ragnarok", "Gorr", "Thor" everything.
Thor is still worthy for mjolnir not for the fourth film.
Enjoyed watching this. I felt like the potential with the villain was wasted, not enough depth. Overall a good watch though.
Enjoyed it. Fun, Silly with some great action scenes
At some point the jokes were simply not funny anymore and Thor looks a bit stupid.
Too much focus on beeing funny so the story was very very weak. The characters nearly hadnt any seriousness to them and therefor the whole story was ridiculous. A real shame what became of MCU since Stan Lee died.
A sad turn for the character of Thor. Even though I mostly enjoyed the last one (Ragnarok), I was afraid of the direction they were taking this character. They've turned Thor into a complete joke, & don't get me wrong...I have no issue with poking fun/not taking things so seriously, but they've gone far beyond that with this. On top of that, it's "girl boss" porno, with Natalie Portman putting in a surprisingly uneven, & at times outright insufferable, performance.
This movie gets better and better with each re-watch... it makes me think of me and my little daughter.  Love and thunder
Very disappointing. Marvel has gone down since Endgame and at this point they act like they don't even care. WAY to much comedy that isn't even funny. The only good Character was the Villian portrayed by the amazing Christian Bale but the whole movie felt like a bad spoof. What is marvel coming to? Do not recommend for marvel lovers or true fans of the MCU.
Visually striking and has a great villain, but this is definitely a step back in the Thor films.
There's a lot of CGI and very little plot and it's confusing and often spectacular but totally missable. I didn't love the film, it's visually marvelous with certain characters that worked and certain sequences were hilarious.  The film has no structure and no plan and is often frustrating.  All Marvel movies can't be winners!  Final Score: 5.6/10
Thor: Love and Thunder is a disappointing addition to the MCU. While Chris Hemsworth and Natalie Portman deliver somewhat solid performances, Tessa Thompson feels like she's phoning it in and the film overall lacks the proper energy and balanced humor of the previous Thor film directed by Taika Waititi. The story decisions are questionable and the comedic elements feel forced. Bale, although good, was wasted in a poorly written character. The effects are just okay. Overall, Thor: Love and Thunder is a frustrating misfire, the worst Thor film and one of the weakest entries in the MCU.
Controversial opinion: The goats were the best part of this movie.
[...possibly the closest thing to a "good part" as well.]
My further opinions are too nerdy, but I didn't like this.
It appears that disgraced asshat Bob Chapek (not going to link to IMDb for this asshat since his bio there is just corporate gibberish written by Disney themselves, and not updated to show that he got fired) has scared away any form of actual talent from Disney so that even when they do something that is not blatantly woke and preaching it still turns into a turd.

Already in the first scenes I was going what the f… is this? Are they turning the franchise into a comedy?

Thor himself has been turned into a rambling moron. The rest of the Gods are either unbelievable assholes or fat slobs only caring about their orgies or some combination thereof. Most of the movie I was just cringing in my seat.

If they were actually going for more of a comedy movie than an actual Thor movie they failed miserably. The "jokes" where unfunny, unintelligent and just bad. Superhero slapstick at best.

The only character that I found remotely likable and cool in the movie was King Valkyrie. Jane Foster was not too bad either. The rest was just a joke. The portrayal of the mighty God Zeus and Olympus was an affront. The bad guy was not too bad although I would not call him likable of course. He is not supposed to be likable. At least he was not turned into a parody.

It is really a shame because the underlying story is not half bad… if it had been given to someone with actual talent to implement. It is predictable of course but it is okay. If it had only been given to someone who could have turned it into a real Thor movie instead of this failed comedy turd.

I have to admit that I did not have my hopes up very much when starting to watch this movie. Given what Disney has turned into I was afraid that they were literally going to turn Thor into a female and luckily that did not happen. Unfortunately they found another way of ruining the franchise. This movie is nothing like the previous Thor movies. I really liked Thor: The Dark World for example. To me this movie is very close to a franchise killer.

The one and a half stars is for the special effects. They were pretty good. The rest of this movie is really bad.
The movie itself is very good, the only problem is that they spoiled Thor's best villain in this movie, and in the comics he is a real threat, in the movie he didn't seem so threatening
A fun movie with some funny moments but overall it just makes a joke of Thor though I'm not gonna say it started with this, it went too far with endgame I think with bro Thor. Because THOR isn't a joke, he's an amazing character that has been wasted in the MCU, the acting was pretty bad as well. But that's just my opinion
They made Thor into an idiot.
I miss Spike Lee.  He would have never allowed the Marvel trash that is out now.
I think the movie was meant to be comedic, but I was cringing the entire time. I couldn't take anything seriously even when it tried to be serious at random points. Thor has always had a comedic side to him, but never at the cost of his character. Plus we didn't get to see nearly enough of the villain who is called the "god butcher" and we didn't see him butchering any gods except at the beginning. Overall I really did not enjoy the movie and felt underwhelmed leaving the theater.
The only good aspect about this film is Chris Hemsworth. The rest of the film is simply generic and has been shown similarly many times before. Absolutely predictable and boring
The movie was far from being a movie about a god and more about stupid fun
Pretty good as far as Thor movies go.  Funny lines to break up the muscles and special effects.  There are sooo many of this genre it's hard to be excited about them any more.
bad pacing, annoying characters, and telling too many bad jokes throughout the movie . All the characters were changed to fit Taika's vision.  Thor became an annoying child in this movie, Korg is in this movie far more than he logically should be and Tessa Thompson's acting is still dogshit. The guardians have been turned into one dimensional bit parts for their scene. The only redeeming part of this movie is Jane since she had a great arc. Taika has fallen off the rails and it really shows.
It's a kid movie, for this it works, but only
1st time watching: great, 2nd time: good, 3rd time: annoying.
Barely a pass for falling short of expectation after the high standard set by the last one.
This was truly awful. I stopped watching halfway through. It's an absolute vacuum of content: a mind-numbing, lowest common denominator-ticking, sickly phlegm of a film that makes a tragedy out of trying to make comedy, and a bad comedy out of an action film. Are the people who write/direct these movies selected by a raffle?
One of the weaker offerings from the Thor franchise. The humor was just out of hand. Zeus was ridiculous and the goats were absolutely annoying. Thor has become a sad joke at this point.
This is where franchises go to die.
A disaster. I can't like this stand up comedian Thor, with jokes outta time. They managed to make Natalie Portman act badly. The movies with the same jokes and the dirty script got tired.
Wow just wow they made everyone in this movie such an unfunny clown it should not even be called Thor love and thunder it should just be called Thor at circus. JUST TERRIBLE!!!
What was Taika thinking ?!
a disappointing follow up to what was an entertaining franchise in the Marvel cineverse. the humour often misses, the acting seems rushed to and the script and plot was nonsensical - even for a superhero movie! it's one saving grace is Christian Bale but even he could not redeem this Trainwreck
Taika Waititi should be banned from the MCU. This was absolutely terrible. Thor has basically become just a punch line. Here’s an idea Marvel: quit spending so much time trying to figure how to squeeze in a billion LGBTQMNOP$&8+ references and actually make a good movie.
a fun movie for kids but such a disappointment that they turned thor into a joke character and refuse to give him a decent story arc little brother enjoyed it who is 7 i did not
Tries to be funny but fails. Boring story and boring characters.
I feel like director Taika Waititi should move onto a different project, after he has made a contribution to a franchise.
This film provides strong evidence for that belief.
This was a travesty, I love Taika Waititi, I love Thor Ragnarok, but this was horrendous. They wasted Gorr, they wasted Christian Bale, they wasted the movie.
The effects were lacking, the plot was weak, and the hole thing came off as some crappy 80's movie. The acting was just as bad. Marvel has ruined Thor. What once was a fun loving yet believable God of thunder has now become a big joke. And at the end everyone can become Thor? What a way to cheapen the character.
What in the actual fu
Fun and entertaining on a VERY surface level. The music is great, Bale is intimidating and great and the screaming goats will make you laugh. Note to the critique: this movie survives on flashy cinematography, banter-ishly unnecessary quips and little else. The Gorr story has so much life too out that got completely ignored, Thor is once again made out to be the village idiot and ancillary characters are portrayed as Thor’s peers or betters (when it’s not). Thor needs a pick me up if these movies are to survive.
At first, I thought it was a good movie. But I couldn't even rewatch it. I like the villain but the story is plain and the acting is meh- besides Christian Bale.
Save for a few fun scenes, Love and Thunder lacks the whimsical nature of its predecessor and feels choppy and unfinished. The ending fell just as flat as it's villain.
Love the storyline and production towards this movie. If the unnecessary jokes removed, it will be an epic series after Ragnarok.
7.5/10—-Marvel is getting way too goofy for its own good
Kinda mid; I miss old MCU films :(
Absolutely the worst Marvel movie to date. It’s a spoof, an insult to the genre. How this ever got released is a surprise— Marvel’s brand took a major hit with this off-brand nonsense.
Just the most goofy part of Ragnarok pushed to the extreme. Playing always on some kind of "fun" part with silly jokes and goofy scene. Had the potential to be a great movie, ended up like some sort of parody of the MCU. Only good part was Bale doing a great job.
Awful, we walked out. The direction for Thor was slap stick benny hill nonsense. Christian bale probably has back problems from carrying the whole film but we couldn't make it to the end as it tried to hard be silly and no adults laughed. Everyone 8 years old and under enjoyed it though, should tell you where the directors mentality is at. Definitely does not excite you for an avengers thor appearance, felt more like spinal tap but less funny. Director went all in on his worst tendencies.
The best part of this movie was the excellent soundtrack.
Overall, it's a good film with Omnipotent City (successful jeu de mots) somewhat reminiscent of a scene out of star wars with exciting fight scenes to match but the constant need for humour interrupts the serious edge that the film desperately needs and that worked so successfully in the first 3 films. It's worth a watch, but my least favourite Thor movie and a disappointing addition to the Marvel Universe.

Corg is now exhausting his role as the provider of witty banter... Do I love his character? Yes. Do I need to see him all the time? No. He would be much better off appearing in occasional scenes, as this took all the seriousness and emotion out of the storyline. Here's hoping this changes.
Movie sucked it made a joke out of Thor and Jane. Gorr is just a child kidnapper, this movie sucked so bad. Even the Thor actor said that it was bad. Cgi was horrible, and the director took it way to far. This movie was so very bad. Thor was such a cool hero in Infinity War, and now they make him a joke. WHY DID THEY DO THIS!
just relax and chil
 not perfect but still good
Comic. Not compelling as an adult movie, yet entertaining enough for a family dinner showing. Love Natalie Portman’s return, and Christian Bale’s portrayal of a pure villain. I think kids will like it
It was the worst marvel movie yet
What did they do with THOR
THIS FILM IS AN EXERCISE OF THE DIRECTORS EGO , the film is quite possibly the stupidest so-called comic book film I have ever watched , it makes batman and robin , and catwoman look like Shakespeare.  I hope that all the studios have seen this film and they realize that  Taika Waititi is a complete hype job .
It has some action for a comedy movie.. joke afer joke... children saves the world? Mcu is going down hill..
Does this movie go too far into the silliness that Thor: Ragnarok brought to the MCU? Yes. But that doesn't mean it's not still very fun.

While the plot doesn't make a ton of sense, and the character motivations seem to bounce wildly around the universe, Hemsworth still manages to wring some fun out of this bizarre movie. 

At no point is the point of Gods in the MCU and the expansion of the really weird and metaphysical side of Marvel comics interrogated, screen time is instead spent on screaming goat jokes, an absurd subplot about a jealous axe, and Christian Bale acting in a COMPLETELY different movie.

But, it's fun ride! Don't think too hard and just enjoy the chaos
There's something to be said for writing a movie around a few unfunny jokes, and hoping the plot sorts itself out. Christian Bale and Chris Hemsworth try their hearts out over a nonsensical plot, ridiculous character arcs, nonsense humour and an overlong run time. This movie makes no sense, and doesn't deserve to be considered in the same breath as Ragnarok.
The worst one of the Thor films. Just bland and boring. Also not a great pic for a villain.
Though it wasn't as funny as Ragarock I still thought this was a well done, hilarious movie.
Certainly a low point in the Thor series. Campy, silly, immature and incoherent.
